Biker reacts lightning fast and prevents worse.
Biker reacts lighting-fast and prevents the worst
A traffic accident occurred on Friday evening on the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen where a bike rider was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction.
On Friday evening, there was a traffic accident on the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, where the motorcyclist only suffered minor injuries thanks to his quick reaction.
A female car driver overlooks a biker
Car driver doesn’t see biker
Around 21:30 a 44 year old female car driver, coming from Merklingen with her VW, wanted to turn left into the country road 1230 into the direction of Machtolsheim.
A 44-year old car driver coming from Merklingen wanted to make a left turn onto country road 1230 towards Machtolsheim around 9:30 p.m. in her VW.
At this, she overlooked the 24 year old motorbike driver with right-of way who came from the direction of Nellingen.
She did not see the 24-year old motorcyclist coming from Nellingen who had the right of way.
When they collided hand and foot brake pedals break off
During the collision, the hand brake and foot brake lever flew off
The biker still attempted to evade the car, however, brushed against the car at the rear end.
The biker tried to evade the car, but still hit the rear of the vehicle.
Thrush the brushing against the car hand break handle and foot break pedal were ripped off the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to break.
Grazing the car caused the Suzuki’s hand and foot brake levers to be torn off and the driver was no longer able to brake.
Alerted he steered his bike into the grass strip beside the road and taxied it to a standstill without losing control.
Alert, he steered his motorcycle into the median strip next to the roadway and let the motorcycle coast to a stop there.
Biker suffers leg injuries
Biker suffers leg injury
Through the collision with the car the biker suffered, however, an injury on his leg and had to be treated in a hospital.
The biker did suffer a leg injury from the impact with the car and had to be treated at a hospital.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvesters infected
Mamming: Coronavirus mass infections: 174 farmhands infected
After a Corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in Mamming, Lower Bavaria, almost 500 people have been quarantined and are not allowed anymore to leave the operations.
Following a coronavirus mass infection in a large vegetable farm in Mamming in lower Bavaria, nearly 500 people are under quarantine and not allowed to leave the farm.
A security service monitors the curfew.
A security service is monitoring the confinement.
Altogether 174 harvesters were tested positive for the Corona virus Sars-CoV-2 at a mass screening as the district administration Dingolfing-Landau announced on Saturday evening.
A total of 174 farmhands tested positive for the coronavirus pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during mass testing, as the district office of Dingolfing-Landau announced on Saturday evening.
“In order to avoid a further spreading we unfortunately must take this measure to protect the population”, county commissioner Werner Bumeder (CSU) explained.
“To prevent further spread, we unfortunately need to take this step to protect the population,” stated district administrator Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Before that already seven coworkers had been infected on this farm - this triggered the mass screening.
Seven employees were previously infected on the farm - this was the reason for the mass testing.
The operations concern a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries, cucumbers, cabbage and beetroot - however the cucumbers only for canning jars.
The business is a large vegetable farm, which cultivates raspberries, cucumbers, cabbages and beets - but the cucumbers are only for pickling jars.
Mamming is a rural community with about 3300 residents not far from Dingolfing with its large BMW factory.
Mamming is a rural community with approximately 3,300 residents, not far from Dingolfing’s large BMW plant.
Bumeder called on the citizens to keep calm: “According to our information it concerns a closed group of persons.”
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to stay calm: “According to our information, this is a closed group of people.”
On the farm infected coworkers were separated from non-infected ones, the premises are now fenced in with a construction fence.
On the farm, infected employees were kept separated from non-infected employees, and the premises are now surrounded by a fence.
Greens and SPD blamed the State government for shared responsibility.
The Green and SPD parties blamed the state government.
Both opposition parties accused prime minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet to neglect monitoring the housing for seasonal workers.
The two opposing factions accused Minister-President Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of failing to control the seasonal workers’ accommodation.
“That can backfire horribly when such local infections spread and regional lockdowns must be ordered”, said Jürgen Mistol, the parliamentary manager of the Greens.
“This could pay dearly if local infections like this spread and regional lockdowns have to be arranged,” said Jürgen Mistol, the parliamentary director of the Green Party.
The SPD shares a similar view: “We have asked for a special control program also for farms with harvesters after the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse mid May”, said the environmental expert Florian von Brunn.
The SPD sees it very similarly: “After the coronavirus outbreak in the Wiesenhof butchery in mid-May, we called for a special control program, including for farms with seasonal workers,” said environmental expert Florian von Brunn.
“Especially the hygiene conditions at the work place and the living quarters must - in our view - thoroughly checked.
“The hygiene conditions in the workplace and the living conditions need to be heavily controlled, in our opinion.
And that obviously did not happen.”
Obviously this didn’t happen.”
The outbreak occurred “predictably”.
The outbreak happened “on cue.”
U-Bahnhof Aidenbachstraße: Dangerous fight: A 19 year-old fell onto the track after being pushed
Aidenbachstrasse underground station: Dangerous brawl: 19-year old falls to track bed after being pushed
A 19 year-old fell onto the track after being pushed during a fight between two groups of young people at U-Bahnhof Aidenbachstraße.
During an argument between two groups of youths at the Aidenbachstrasse underground station, a 19-year old was pushed to the ground and slipped into the track bed.
Obersendling - A fight broke out between two groups of young people at U-Bahnhof Aidenbachstraße at 16:15h on Friday.
Obersendling - At around 4:15 p.m. on Friday, there was a quarrel between two groups of youths at Aidenbachstrasse underground station.
A passerby called the police, who called-up multiple squad cars.
A passer-by alerted the police, and a number of officers attended the scene.
Following initial investigations it seems a boy from Munich (17) pushed a 19 year-old to the floor.
Initial inquiries indicate that a youth (17) from Munich pushed a 19-year old man to the floor.
This resulted in the young man slipping over the edge of the platform and falling onto the track.
The young man then slipped over the edge of the platform and fell into the track bed.
People in the 17 year-old’s party helped the fallen boy climb out of the track bed.
Members of the 17-year old’s group helped the man who had fallen to climb back on to the platform.
There was no danger of a passing train.
There was no danger from an oncoming train.
Another scuffle followed between the two persons, according to the police.
As reported by the police, the two young people then resumed their dispute.
The 17 year-old proceeded to flee the crime scene, however, his personal details could be retrieved later.
The 17-year old initially fled from the scene, but his identity was later verified.
He reported to the 29th police station with his father.
His father accompanied him to police station number 29.
Assault charges are being pursued against the 17 year-old.
The 17-year old is under investigation for causing bodily harm.
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer telecommunications data retention
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Telecommunications data retention is currently suspended.
Data retention is currently suspended.
However, Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer is pushing for a lengthening of the retention period according to a press report.
But according to a media report, the Federal Minister of the Interior, Horst Seehofer, is calling for an extension of the retention period.
He would like to support thereby the fight against child abuse.
His aim is to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
According to a media report, Federal Minster of the Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) is pushing for a longer data retention period: a half-year instead of the current ten weeks.
According to a media report, Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) is calling for data retention to be extended - for six months rather than ten weeks.
As reported by the “Bild am Sonntag”, Seehofer asked the Minister of Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) in a letter for an express change to the law.
As “Bild am Sonntag” reports, Seehofer asked Justice Minister Christine Lambrecht (SPD) for a quick change to the law in a letter.
Seehofer wants to strengthen provisions against child abuse thereby.
It reports that Seehofer’s intention is to strengthen measures against child abuse.
He thinks that it makes sense “to take up pressing, necessary alterations to the law now,” the newspaper quoted from his release.
He believes it is a good idea “to make urgently required changes to the law now”, the paper quotes the letter.
Telecommunications data retention is suspended at the moment.
Data retention is currently suspended.
This is waiting on a decision from the EuGH.
An ECJ decision on it is still outstanding.
However, Seehofer wants the alterations earlier, so that as soon as a likely, positive judgement is handed down, it can be implemented immediately, the letter further stated.
However, Seehofer wants the changes beforehand so that they can be applied immediately if the verdict is positive, the report goes on to say.
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper, that the need for legal alterations shall first be sensibly reviewed following a decision from the court.
A Justice Ministry spokesman told the paper that they could only really look to see whether legal change is necessary once the courts have reached a decision.
Already in June Seehofer spoke together with the interior ministers of the states in favor of telecommunications data retention in their fight against child abuse and child pornography.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer and the federal states’ interior ministers had previously argued in favor of data retention back in June.
NBA: Strip-club problems for Clippers star Lou Williams
NBA: Strip club problem for Clippers star Lou Williams
Uproar in the NBA!
Trouble in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball pro for the Los Angeles Clippers, seems to have left the tournament district in Disney World (Orlando, Florida) with permission to attend a funeral.
Lou Williams (33), basketball pro with the Los Angeles Clippers, had supposedly left the tournament accommodation in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission to attend a funeral.
According to US media channels, he then proceeded to visit the “Magic City” strip club in Atlanta that evening.
But according to US media reports, he visited the “Magic City” strip club in Atlanta that evening.
Williams, who according to ESPN admitted to his visit, is in isolation again and is tested daily for Covid-19.
Williams, who, according to ESPN, has apparently admitted to the visit, is back in isolation and being tested every day for Covid-19.
His reason for the visit: chicken wings.
The reason for his visit? Chicken wings.
“Sweet Lou,” as he is called in the NBA, had already expressed his love for just these wings in February of last year.
Back in February last year, “Sweet Lou”, as he is known in the NBA, expressed his liking for those same wings.
The American wrote: “Magic City and Blue Flame (editorial note: another strip club in Atlanta ) have the best wings in the city.”
The American wrote, "Magic City and Blue Flame (another strip club in Atlanta, Ed. ) have the best wings in the city”.
NBA insider Shams Charania let it be known on Sunday on Twitter that the NBA had subjected Williams to a ten-day quarantine.
On Sunday NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter that the NBA had ordered Williams to go into quarantine for ten days.
That is how the Clippers star missed the first two official games after the test-match phase.
This means that the Clippers star will miss the first two official games after the test game phase.
The NBA will play out the season in Disney World.
The NBA is aiming to play out the coronavirus season in Disney World.
At this moment, the 22 best teams are preparing with training games for the season finals that begin this Friday night.
The best 22 teams are currently playing training games in preparation for the season finale which begins on Friday night.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection.
Söder makes a statement about coronavirus situation after mass infections
Munich - Secretary of Health, Melanie Humi (CSU), already announced on Sunday a testing offensive for large farms.
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) already announced a testing offensive for large farms on Sunday.
You can watch live the press conference on our homepage.
The press conference can be viewed live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming, district Dingolfing-Landau, has alarmed authorities and politicians.
The case in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has frightened authorities and politicians.
On the large vegetable farm are currently working almost 500 harvesters from several countries; more than one third are infected with the Corona virus.
There are currently almost 500 harvesting workers from several countries working on the large vegetable farm, and over one third of them are infected with the coronavirus pathogen.
In the meantime the farm has been quarantined; the farm is blocked off with a construction fence.
The farm is now under quarantine and is blocked off with fencing.
Nobody may leave the premises, food is being delivered.
No one is allowed to leave the premises, food is being delivered.
The authorities are offering free of charge Corona tests to the about 3300 locals of the community.
The authorities are now offering free coronavirus tests to the almost 3,300 residents of the municipality.
Since the harvesters had little contact with the local residents the district administration assumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
Since the farmhands had little contact with the local population, the district office is currently assuming that the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
“The Pain of Remorse”: Confession from the suspected arsonist of Nantes
“Pangs of conscience”: Confession of the alleged Nantes arsonist
“My client has shown himself to be very cooperative,” the Lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper.
“My client has cooperated,” lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper.
The defense counsel added: “He regrets his actions very much, the confession was liberating for him.
The defense counsel added, “He very much regrets his actions, and his confession came as a relief to him”.
His client was “plagued with remorse and really taken back by the extent of the damage”.
His client was “plagued by pangs of conscience and upset by the extent of the damage”.
In the case of a verdict, the man is looking at ten years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros according to the prosecution.
The prosecution service say that, if he is convicted, the man faces ten years in prison and a 150,000 euro fine.
The gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul of Nantes was heavily damaged after a fire last Saturday.
Last Saturday night, the Gothic St Peter and St Paul Cathedral in Nantes was severely damaged by a fire.
The fire broke out in three places in the church, which were at a considerable distance from one another.
The fire broke out at three separate locations in the church.
Laboratory investigations corroborated the suspicion of arson.
Laboratory investigations firmed up the suspicion of arson.
The detained suspect was already arrested just a few hours after the incident.
The suspect now in custody was detained just hours after the fire.
However, he was let go after just a day.
But after a day he was released.
The man was a volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for closing down the cathedral the night of the fire.
The man works for the Nantes diocese in a voluntary capacity and he was responsible for locking up the cathedral on the evening before the fire.
Because there was no sign of a violent break-in to the church, he was quickly under the eye of the investigator.
As there was no evidence of forced entry into the church, he quickly came under the scrutiny of the investigators.
Discussions over abolishing the 50+1 rule
Discussion about scrapping the 50+1 rule
The former DFB president Reinhard Grindel recommended discussions about phasing out the 50+1 rule.
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thought be given to scrapping the 50+1 rule.
“German Football should at least discuss setting clear rules and requirements for investors before the EU Commission finishes up with all of the details,” Grindel told the “Bild am Sonntag”.
“German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates any fait accompli,” Grindel told “Bild am Sonntag”.
He continued: “The 50+1 rules don’t work at all for the clubs that would most likely be a danger to Dortmund and Bayern: just look at Leipzig and Leverkusen.
He said, “In any case the 50+1 rules don’t work for those clubs that are most likely to threaten Bayern and Dortmund - look at Leipzig or Leverkusen.
In this respect, there is no getting around the debate as to whether to make it easier for clubs, which want to break into this Phalanx, to include investors.”
In any case, you can’t get around the debate as to whether it shouldn’t be made easier for clubs that are aiming to break into this grouping to engage investors.
He has doubts, however, about whether the German Football League is ready to allow majority stakes, which are prevented in the league by the 50+1 rule.
But he doubts whether there is a willingness within the German football league to allow majority shareholdings which are prohibited by the 50+1 rule in the Bundesliga.
“There is a judicial risk in putting up investment barriers around the Bundesliga’s business locations in the European Single Market,” said Grindel.
“There is a legal risk involved in putting up investment barriers around the Bundesliga as a business hub in a European internal market,” said Grindel.
The former DFB head sees a danger that “the attempt to secure fairer competition in the Bundesliga would only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs on the European level, and not lead to more excitement in the championship”.
The former DFB boss sees a danger that “the attempts to create a greater competitive balance in the Bundesliga could, in the end, merely weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but not lead to more suspense in the championship”.
Even distribution of TV funds would not even produce a decisive result.
Even evenly distributing TV monies will not have any decisive effect.
“FC Bayern has a revenue of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig a revenue of 300 million.
“FC Bayern have revenues of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund 500 million and RB Leipzig 300 million.
The difference even between the top three clubs is already immense.
So even between the top three clubs there are immense differences.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of about 130 million,” clarified the 58 year-old.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million,” explained the 58 year old.
Grindel feels betrayed when looking back at the past.
Looking back, Grindel feels betrayed.
“Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this error and have leaked it to the press instead of bringing it to me directly,” Grindel said referring to the acceptance of an expensive watch, which lead to his resignation in 2019.
“Unfortunately, there were individuals who noticed that error and went to the press rather than speak to me about it,” said Grindel about his acceptance of an expensive watch, which led to his resignation in April 2019.
“The morality of that has weighed heavy on my mind”.
“On a human level, that hurt me a lot”.
The 11,000 euro watch was a gift from a Ukrainian official.
He had received the gift, valued at around 11,000 euros, from a Ukrainian functionary.
“I committed a breach in compliance, and it was right that I reap the consequences of that,” said Grindel.
“I committed a compliance violation and it was right to accept the consequences,” said Grindel.
“I circumvented innocently and with complete transparently with the ominous watch gift.
“I was completely transparent and honest about the dubious gift of the watch.
Many in the DFB knew about this”.
Many people at the DFB knew about it”.
He never “made a secret out of the present,” reassured the 58 year-old.
He had never “made any secret of the gift”, affirmed the 58 year old.
“One could call it naive but this form of transparency was the exact opposite of corruption.”
“You might call that naive, but this type of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption”.
“Black Lives Matter”: Many injured and one dead
"Black Lives Matter": Casualties and one dead
Protests against police brutality in the United States have picked up again after Donald Trump’s use of federal forces in multiple cities.
In the United States there has been an upsurge in protests against police violence as a result of Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police in several cities.
It came to clashes between demonstrators and police in various cities on Saturday.
There were clashes between demonstrators and police in various cities on Saturday.
Three people were injured in Louisville; in Seattle, 16 people were arrested.
Three people were injured in Louisville, while 16 people were detained in Seattle.
One person died from a gunshot in Austin as a line of protestors were marching over a crossing.
In Austin, one person was fatally shot as a demonstration was crossing a junction.
It has come to clashes multiple times during protests against racism and police violence in Portland in the past.
There had also been clashes during protests against racism and police violence in Portland previously.
Security forces, including representatives of the federal police, used tear gas on Saturday night and violently pushed demonstrators apart.
On Saturday night the security forces, including federal police agents, deployed tear gas and dispersed demonstrators with force.
Hundreds, at times armed, demonstrators marched on Saturday through Louisville in Kentucky and pressed for those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be put to justice.
On Saturday hundreds of demonstrators, some armed, marched through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be held to account.
The 26 year-old student was shot to death in her apartment in Louisville during a drug raid in March.
In March, the 26 year old student was shot in her apartment in Louisville during a drug raid.
The target of the raid was someone who didn’t even live there and no drugs were found on the scene.
The raid was targeting someone else who did not even live there, and no drugs were found.
Three people were injured as a member of a group, who describe themselves as an armed group of black Americans, let out a shot.
On Saturday, when a member of a group calling itself the Armed Coalition of Black Americans fired a shot, three people were wounded.
They were brought to the hospital according to reports from broadcaster NBC.
According to broadcaster NBC, they were taken to hospital.
None of them were in danger of losing their lives.
None of them was in a life-threatening condition.
Police put up barricade after a counter-protest of white militia men also formed.
The police formed barricades because counter-demonstrators from a white militia had also gathered.
In the end, it never came to a confrontation between the two groups.
In the end, the two groups did not clash.
In Austin, Texas someone marching in a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration was shot and killed.
In Austin, Texas, a person in a “Black Lives Matter” march was shot and killed.
According to their own releases, the police have a suspect in custody.
According to some reports, the police have taken a suspect into custody.
They have made no further statements concerning the circumstances of the crime.
They have not yet provided any further details about the circumstances surrounding the incident.
According to the “New York Times”, Mayor Steve Adler let it be known that like many in the city he was “speechless and inconsolable” about what had happened.
According to the New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler stated that, like many people in the city, he was “heartbroken and stunned” by what had happened.
In the American metropolis of Seattle demonstrators also ran into clashes with police on Saturday.
On Saturday, demonstrators also clashed with police in the American city of Seattle.
They set construction trailers on fire in front of a youth detention center, the police used stun grenades and pepper spray.
They set fire to construction trailers in front of a youth detention center, and the police deployed flashbangs and pepper spray.
According to the “Seattle Times”, 16 people were taken in for resisting arrested and assault.
The “Seattle Times” reported that 16 people were detained for resisting police or for bodily harm.
A courthouse was set on fire in Oakland, California.
A court building was set on fire in the city of Oakland in California.
A small group of demonstrators broke in windows, lit off fireworks and blinded police with lasers, reported Oakland Police late Saturday evening (local time).
A small group of demonstrators smashed windows, set off fireworks and blinded police officers with lasers, the Oakland police reported late on Saturday evening (local time).
The fire could quickly be put out.
The fire was quickly extinguished.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drove through a crowd of people who were protesting on the highway.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drove through a crowd of people who were demonstrating on a freeway.
As the police report it, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured, brought to the hospital.
As the police reported, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon, and at least one person was injured and taken to hospital.
Apart from that, the window of a courthouse was also broken in and a fire started, according to police.
There, too, windows in a court building were smashed and a fire was started, police reported.
Investigations have been taken up.
An investigation has begun.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historic costumes in spite of corona
Rakoczi in Bad Kissingen: Historic costumes despite virus
Although the great pub crawl through the Kurstadt didn’t take place, visitors and performers enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program.
Even though the spa town lacked the big party atmosphere, both visitors and performers enjoyed the flair of the alternative Rakoczi program.
It was unusual for victors, performers and organizers: The Rakoczy weekend without the Rakoczy festival.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organisers alike. The Rakoczi weekend with no Rakoczi party.
But: Even though the great party mile in the city center was missing, including the crowds and program highlights like the burning of the Saale, the Rakoczy Ball or the parade, many still came in their costumes to the corona-conforming alternative program.
However, even if the big party was absent from the town center, many people still got to enjoy the alternative, Covid-compliant program, including the crowds of people and highlights such as the Saale burning, the Rakoczi ball and the parade.
“I think we still succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair,” said the Kurstadt director, Sylvie Thormann.
“I think we succeeded in creating plenty of Rakoczi flair,” said Spa Manager Sylvie Thormann.
The guests seem to have taken it well.
It went down well with the guests.
One looks back to the founders of the Rakoczy festival as a matter of principle, because the historic is the focus of the festival.
In principle, it was a return to the beginnings of the Rakoczi Festival, when everything focused on the historic aspects.
Pleasant atmosphere
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting the Rakoczy Festival in Bad Kissingen for more than 25 years.
Vesna Konhäuser has been attending the Rakoczi Festival in Bad Kissingen with her husband for over 25 years.
Even this time during the corona year.
She did so in this Covid year, too.
The pair made themselves comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watched the historic figures as they wandered and heard live Cuban music at the Spielbank Restaurant.
The couple settled down at the Luitpold Casino, watched the historic characters promenade, and listened to live Cuban music from the casino’s restaurant.
“I find it really pleasant even this way,” said Konhäuser.
“I’m think it’s still really pleasant like this,” said Konhäuser.
She didn’t miss the crowds that are normally a part of Rakoczy.
She wasn’t missing the crowds of people which are usually associated with the Rakoczi.
However, she did miss the rest of the program highlights, most of all the burning of the Saale on Friday evening as well as the historic parade and the concluding fireworks on Sunday evening.
However, she was missing the usual program highlights, particularly the burning Saale on Friday evening, the historic parad,e and the closing firework display on Sunday evening.
“It is a shame.
“It’s certainly a shame.
The weather this year would have made it perfect,” she said.
The weather was absolutely spot-on this year,” she felt.
The Rakoczy horse show is supposed to take place again
Rakoczi horse show to be held again
The alternative program meant more work at times for the historic guest performers.
For some of those portraying the historic spa guests, the alternative program meant more work.
This is true for Christina Gold, who in a normal year helps out with the parade and can be seen there ridding in the carriage of the Kurgarten Café.
For example, for Christina Gold who, in a normal year, takes part in the parade where she can be seen on the spa garden cafe’s carriage.
This year she was out and about in the city in costume on Saturday and Sunday.
This year she spent Saturday and Sunday walking around town in her costume.
“That was pretty stressful, usually it’s easier for us,” she said.
“It’s certainly more effort, we usually have things easier,” she said.
The riding club had less to do even though individual riders were out in the park.
The riding club had less to do, even though a few riders were trotting around the park.
“We are hopeful that the rider’s quadrille will take place in the coming years,” said Chairwoman Ulrike Waldhofen.
“We really hope that the riders’ quadrille will be held again next year,” said President Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that a Rakoczy riding tournament should also be taking place in 2021 following a multiple year break .
She said that a Rakoczi horse show would also be held again in 2021 after a hiatus of several years.
28 corna cases for the Spanish second-league club Fuenlabrada
28 coronavirus cases at Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second-league club CF Fuenlabrada are sliding even deeper into crises following a corona outbreak.
Spanish second division football club Fuenlabrada is slipping ever deeper into a crisis due to a coronavirus outbreak.
One heavy blow has followed the next since the newcomer from the area around Madrid flew to the city of A Coruña to a game on the 20th of July in spite of their first corna case.
One blow has followed another since the newcomer from near Madrid flew to a game in the city of A Coruña on 20th July despite some cases of coronavirus.
The club reported that 28 players tested positive for corna as of Sunday, one was taken to the hospital.
By Sunday 28 players or team members had tested positive, with one hospitalized, the club reported.
Fuenlabrada from the titular city south-west of Madrid still had the chance to make the advancement playoffs.
Until now Fuenlabrada, from the eponymous town south-west of Madrid, had had a chance of reaching the promotion playoffs.
Now a fallback to the B group of the second-league is a very real possibility.
Now they are even threatened with relegation to the second division’s B Group.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña on the previous Monday was cancelled in the last moments, the state prosecution was investigating a possible offense against public health, CSD, the highest sport authority, pondered a forced degrading of the club.
The match against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was canceled at the last moment, the public prosecutor was investigating a possible offence against public health, and the leading sports authority, the CSD, was considering imposing relegation on the club.
The players as well as all team members are sitting in a hotel in quarantine.
The players and other team members are in quarantine in a hotel.
“Up to six days of quarantine and they have not received a fresh towel or any gel,” wrote the sports newspaper “AS”.
“They were given no fresh towels and no shower gel until their sixth day of quarantine,” wrote sports paper “AS”.
Photos are seen of how the players are hanging underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel to dry after they apparently had to wash them themselves.
Photos show that players have hung up underwear and club clothing in their hotel rooms after apparently having had to wash them themselves.
The bedding has also not been changed for five days.
Neither had the bedding been washed for five days.
Food is yet another problem.
Food is another problem.
It is neither good nor enough, writes “AS”.
It is neither good nor enough,” wrote “AS”.
The club management on the other hand say they are happy with hotel management.
The club’s management stated that they are satisfied with the hotel.
The claim, that they intentionally harmed public health, is rejected by the club’s lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The club’s lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas, hit back at the accusation that they had committed an offence against public health.
No one breached corona regulations as laid out by the football association, said the son of the president of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, as the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper “Marca” reported.
Javier Tebas, who is the son of the President of Spain’s Primera Liga, said that they had not contravened the football association’s coronavirus regulations, reported news agency Europa Press and sports paper “Marca”.
Before departure there had been four infections up to the 19th of July, all of them were isolated and did not travel along.
Before flying, four people had been infected prior to 19th July, and they had all isolated and did not travel.
Right before the flight to A Coruña on Monday, all players and team members were tested again.
All the players and team members were retested immediately before the flight to A Coruña.
As the team arrived in A Coruña, there were “five or six” further team members who had positive results from the corona test.
Once the team was in A Coruña “five or six” more team members then tested positive for coronavirus.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the whistle blow, said Tebas Llanas.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before kick-off, said Tebas Llanas.
The police must ring in runaway horses near Dampfach
Police forced to catch runaway horses near Dampfach
Two animals were making their way down the street.
Two animals had got onto the road.
The police were leading them back to their owners.
The police led them back to their owner.
Shortly before 6 on Sunday morning, a commuter reported two free-walking horses on the feeder road between the junction Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the autobahn junction Theres.
Shortly before 6 am on Sunday morning, a road user reported that there were two runaway horses on the slip road between the Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld junction and the Theres motorway access.
When the authorities arrived, the horses were again located between the feeder road and Dampfach village.
When the officers arrived, the horses were between the slip road and the village of Dampfach once more.
After the authorities were able to win the trust of the horses directly before reaching Dampfach, they both allowed themselves to be connected to a rope that was carried along in the patrol car
Once the officers had gained the horses’ trust near Dampfach, they allowed a rope that had been brought in the patrol car to be placed around them.
Bike professional Tony Martin: Continuing carrier is possible
Cyclist Tony Martin: May extend career
The time trial specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his carrier.
Time trial specialist Tony Martin is considering extending his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time time trial specialist Tony Martin can clearly picture continuing his bicycling carrier.
Frankfurt/Main - Seven time world champion time trialist Tony Martin can certainly see himself continuing his cycling career.
“I am getting the broad strokes of it straight with my team: how and in what form in can continue,” the 35 year-old told the “Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung.”
“At the moment I’m talking with the team to work out exactly how we can continue,” the 35-year old told the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung".
Martin is now a member of the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and he was considering ending his run at the end of this year before the start of the corna virus pandemic.
Martin is currently employed by Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, prior to the coronavirus break, he had been thinking about ending his career after this year.
The number of riding days is the subject being discussed by his team, he said.
The negotiations with his team include discussing the number of race days, he said.
Or it’s about other problems bothering him as a father, he continued.
Plus other issues that would affect him as a father, he added.
After a fall his first thought used to be: “Hurry get back up on the bicycle.
After falling, he used to get up and his first thought was, “Get back on the bike quickly!
Now I am thinking as a father of a small daughter: what would happen, if...”
Now, as th father of a little girl, I think: what if?”.
The bicycling professional granted that there were many aspects, which have been hard on him.
Martin admitted that there are issues that he finds increasingly difficult.
“But it was good for me during this corna time to notice how much I have with bicycling and how much fun it was for me”.
“But it did me good, during the virus, to see what I’ve got from cycling and how much I enjoy it”.
The time-travel specialist gets back into a competitive event with the Tour de l’Ain (5th to 9th of August).
The time trial specialist’s next race will be the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th August).
Bavaria: At least four dead on Bavaria’s streets this weekend
Bavaria: At least four dead on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The beautiful weather brought bikers to the streets in many places.
The fine weather drew bikers onto the roads in many places.
The motorcycle tour ended in death for at least three people.
For at least three people, their bike ride ended in death.
An 18 year-old pedestrian died as well.
An 18 year old pedestrian was also killed.
Schönthal - Accidents on Bavaria’s streets this weekend lead to multiple, mostly young deaths.
Schönthal - Several people, mostly young, died on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend.
An 18 year-old motorcyclist was taken over by a car on Saturday by Schönthal (Cham County) that was coming from the opposite direction.
Near Schönthal (Cham rural district) on Sunday, an 18 year old woman riding a motorbike was hit by an oncoming car that crossed into her lane.
The reason for the car veering into oncoming traffic is unclear.
Why the vehicle strayed into her lane was initially unclear.
In Upper Bavaria, a 22 year-old on his machine collided with a horse-and-carriage on Saturday.
In Upper Bavaria on Saturday, a 22 year old on a bike collided with a horse-drawn carriage.
According to police he was heading down the mountain near Beilngries.
According to police, he was riding downhill near Beilngries.
He smashed into the carriage as the road curved to the left.
He collided with the carriage on a left-hand bend.
His injuries were so severe that he died on the site of the accident.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the scene.
According to police, one man was severely injured and another lightly injured of the twelve who were sitting in the carriage.
Of the twelve occupants in the carriage, one man was seriously injured and one man sustained mild injuries, said the police.
An 18 year-old died following a further lethal accident in Bad Kötzting (Rhineland-Palatinate).
An 18 year old died in another fatal accident in Bad Kötzting, in Upper Palatinate.
On Sunday night he laid down on the street and was run over by a 42 year-old.
Late on Saturday night, he had lain down on a road and he was run over by a 42 year old driver.
The police suspect that the 18 year-old had meant to sleep.
The police believe that the 18 year old was trying to sleep.
The driver of the vehicle could not stop in time.
The driver was unable to brake in time.
A 57 year-old motorcyclist crashed head-on into a car in spite of reaching a full stop on a right curve in Schönberg (Freyung-Grafenau County).
On Saturday near Schönberg (Freyung-Grafenau rural district), a 57-year-old biker hit a car head-on on a right-hand bend despite braking hard.
He died at the site of the accident.
He died at the scene.
The 57 year-old driver suffered shock, the other three people in the car remain uninjured.
The 57 year old female driver suffered shock, while the other three people in the car were unhurt.
The safety of motorcycle drivers was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister of Transportation Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
Bavaria’s Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer (CSU) touched on the subject of motorcyclist safety on Saturday.
In a letter to the organizer of a planned August biker protest against driving restrictions, Gabor Kovacs, the minister referred to extensive investments like underride guards for crash barriers and the mitigating of dangerous curves.
In a letter to Gabor Kovacs, the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans which are planned for August, the Minister referred to substantial investments such as underride guards on crash barriers, and the straightening of dangerous bends.
“We have done a lot in past years to promote the security of motorcyclists,” it read in the letter.
“We have done a lot for motorcyclist safety in recent years,” said the letter.
“The number of dead two-wheel motor vehicle drivers has been reduced by 28 percent since 2011.”
“The number of motorcyclist fatalities has fallen by around 28 percent compared with 2011”.
Kovac is tested by Monaco against Frankfurt
Kovac tested as Monaco play Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - There will already be a reunion for football trainer Niko Kovac when his new club AS Monaco plays Eintracht Frankfurt.
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - Football coach Niko Kovac is soon to play against Eintracht Frankfurt again with his new club AS Monaco.
The eight-time French champion will be a guest on the 1st of August (18h) in Hesse, the former club of the Croatian.
The eight-time French champions are set to visit the Hesse outfit, the Croat’s previous club, on August 1st (6 p.m.).
It is the first and only hardness test for the Bundesliga club before the return match against FC Basel in the Europe League (6th of August).
For the Bundesliga outfit, this is their one and only endurance test prior to their Europa League return against FC Basel (6th August).
Because of the corna virus epidemic, the match will be carried out without spectators.
The match will go ahead without spectators due to the coronavirus pandemic.
“We are especially excited about this game.
“We’re particularly looking forward to this game.
It is always wonderful to come back to Frankfurt again and to meet friends,” said Kovac.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet up with friends,” explained Kovac.
This is an interesting test from an athletics perspective, the 48 year-old said.
In sporting terms it would be a good test, said the 48 year old.
Before he transferred to FC Bayern Munich, Kovac had trained Hesse from 2016 to 2018 and lead it to a victory in the DFB Pokal.
Before switching to Bayern Munich, Kovac coached the Hesse club between 2016 and 2018 and led them to victory in the DFB Cup.
“A top-class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us considering the upcoming game against Basel.
“A quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us with respect to the game against Basel.
Like all people from Frankfurt, I am looking forward to seeing Niko Kovac again,” said Adi Hütter, the trainer for Eintracht.
Like everyone at Frankfurt, I’m looking forward to seeing Niko Kovac again,” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50 year-old Austrian stepped up for Eintracht to be the successor of the Croatian.
The 50 year old Austrian took over from the Croat at Eintracht.
In March, Frankfurt lost 0:3 in the last 16 game against Basel in their own stadium.
In March, Frankfurt lost the first leg of the quarter finals against Basel 0:3 in their own stadium.
Nearly 50 new infections Hof County hardly misses lockdown
Nearly 50 new infections: The district of Hof has nearly finished lockdown
In Hof County the number of known corna infections increased even more over the weekend: from 39 on Friday to 43 on Saturday (one person has recovered and is no longer included in this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
The number of known new coronavirus infections in the district of Hof increased again on the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person has recovered and is no longer included in this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
There was also a case in the city of Hof.
There is also one case in the city of Hof.
The area of Hof has thereby almost reached the critical limit of 50 infections per 100,000 people.
This means that the area of Hof is reaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 residents in a week.
700 dead from monsoon rains in Southeast Asia
700 killed by monsoon rains in South-East Asia
Severe flooding in Southeast Asia has affected more than 9 million people, mostly in Bangladesch, India and Nepal.
Over 9 million people have been affected by the severe flooding in South-East Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people lost their life because of the strong monsoon rains.
In all, 700 people have died as a result of the strong monsoon rains.
The Red Crescent strove to reach isolated people in boats.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent are attempting to reach isolated people in boats.
Whole towns are under water.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have left their crops.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Indian rhinoceroses are dying in national parks because of landslides
Indian rhinos die after landslide in national park
More than 120 Indian rhinoceroses died following landslides in Kaziranga National Park.
Several of the 120 Indian rhinos in the Kaziranga National Park died as a result of a landslide.
They are a protected species and in danger of extinction.
They are protected and considered to be under threat of extinction.
The floods were especially bad this year, which scientists have connected to climate change.
This year the flooding is particularly bad, which scientists are attributing to climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries hardest hit by global warming.
According to United Nations data, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
New apartments stand empty
In the south of Bangladesh, the city of Cox’s Bazar built living spaces for 650 people affected by the flood.
In the city of Cox’s Bazar in southern Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 people who have been driven out by the floods.
Only a few have moved in at this time.
Only a few have so far been occupied.
It is hard to get people to Cox’s Bazar.
It is difficult to get people to Cox’s Bazar.
Many are keeping their excitement within bounds.
There is limited enthusiasm, too.
People who previously had a house, even if it was small and resembled a hut, will often not want to spend their lives in large apartment blocks.
Those who used to own a house, albeit small and hut-like, often do not want to spend their lives in a large apartment building.
Many apartments are empty, but they should be filled soon by people who have lost their homes to the flooding, at least the government would like it that way.
Many of the apartments are vacant, but the government wants them to soon be occupied by those who have lost their house to the floods.
60 Corona new infections in only one day in Vienna.
60 New Coronavirus Infections in one day in Vienna
In a 24 hour comparison 60 Corona new infections were reported in Vienna - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections.
Over a 24-hour period, 60 new coronavirus infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The State health care department Vienna and the medical crisis unit of the city Vienna inform regularly about current case numbers and further important data about the Covid-19-virus: Status Sunday, July 26, 2020, 8:00 a.m. 4840 (+60) positive tests confirmed in Vienna.
The Vienna Regional Directorate of Public Health and the Medical Crisis Staff of the City of Vienna provide regular updates about the current case numbers and other figures about the Covid-19 virus. As of Sunday July 26, 2020, 8:00 am, 4,840 (+60) positive tests have been confirmed in Vienna.
The number of deaths related to the virus is unchanged 204.
The number of deaths associated with the virus remains unchanged at 204.
4090 (+48) persons recovered.
4,090 (+48) people have recovered.
22 new Corona virus infections in Lower Austria.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of Corona virus infections in Lower Austria has increased by 22 to now 3288 on Sunday.
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria rose by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday.
One infected person has newly recovered according to the health care unit.
One infected person has recovered, according to the medical staff.
Thus the number of recovered persons increased to 2936.
This increases the number of recovered people to 2,936.
Currently there are 247 patients ill with Covid-19 in the federal state.
247 patients in the state were currently ill from Covid-19.
So far 147253 tests were performed.
147,253 tests have been carried out to date.
105 people died in connection with the pulmonary disease.
105 people have died in connection with the lung disease.
Argentina declines creditors’ counteroffer.
Argentina rejects creditors’ counter-offer
The Ministry of Economics in Buenos Aires said on Saturday that the new demands could not be met.
The new claim could not be settled, the Finance Ministry in Buenos Aires stated on Saturday.
“It would not only be irresponsible but also unjust” one statement read.
“It would be not just irresponsible, but unjust too,” a statement explained.
“We cannot increase the short-term profit of our creditors while 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty”.
“While 50 percent of children in Argentina are living in poverty, we cannot increase our creditors’ short-term profits”.
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
The debts of the second-largest national economy in South America are no longer sustainable under the current terms.
That is why Argentina is asking its private creditors to forgive a portion of their circa 66 billion US dollar debt (about 59 billion euros).
As a result, Argentina is asking its private creditors to waive some of their claims of around 66 billion US Dollars (about 59 billion euros).
A government default is looming if no agreement is reached.
Should no agreement be reached, the country will once again be threatened with bankruptcy.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina's history.
That would be the ninth debt default in Argentina’s history.
The creditors recently requested higher interest on government bonds and changes to individual clauses of the contract.
Creditors have recently demanded higher interest rates on government securities, and changes to some contractual clauses.
However, the government of Argentina is sticking to its last offer and did not provide further concessions.
However, the Argentinian government is sticking to its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is stuck in a severe financial and economic crises.
Argentina is in the middle of a severe financial and economic crisis.
The inflation rate was recently more than 50 percent.
The inflation rate was recently above 50 percent.
Experts are expecting a decline of economic strength of about ten percent in the coming year.
Experts are expecting a decline in economic output of around ten percent this year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not settled interest claims of about 503 million US dollars and thereby slid into a limited default.
In late May, Argentina failed to make interest payments of 503 million US Dollars, so it slipped into partial debt default.
Professionally achieved - privately not there yet.
Arrived professionally - not yet personally
“Everything goes very well” - Dr. Stefanie Kramer concludes after er first days working in the notary’s office in Eggenfelden.
“It’s going really well” Dr. Stefanie Kramer drew this conclusion after her first days in the notary’s office in Eggenfelden.
In the end everything went very fast. Middle of May Dr. Stefanie Kramer had learned that she would be the successor of Lutz Feller in the notary’s office in Eggenfelden.
In the end, everything happened very quickly: In Mid-May, Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she was taking Lutz Feller’s old position in the Eggenfelden notary’s office.
Already six weeks later in the beginning of July the graduated jurist started working, the normal daily work is already in full swing.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctor of law began work, and normal daily business has been at full speed for a while.
“Privately, however, I still have to reach my goals”, says Stefanie in an interview with the Rottaler Anzeiger, and laughs.
“However, I still have to arrive personally,” she says in a conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs.
Naturally, the short lead time was not enough to transfer the center of her life from Regensburg to Eggenfelden said Stefanie who was born in Dingolfing..
Of course the short lead time was not enough to time to completely move the center of her life from Regensburg to Eggenfelden, reports the Dingolfing native.
Currently she and her husband who is a judge at the district court in Regensburg were still searching for a suitable apartment or house in the city.
She is currently searching for a suitable apartment or house in the city with her husband, who works in Regensburg as a judge on the district court.
At least, her husband were able to apply on short notice for parental time to be able to take care of their two daughters (3 1/2 and 1 1/2 years old).
At least her husband was able to apply for short-term parental leave to be able to ensure their two daughters (3½ and 1½ years old) are cared for.
In order that she didn’t have to commute from Regensburg every day she found overnight accommodation at her parent’s house in Dingolfing, explained the 39 year old.
So as not to have to commute from Regensburg every day, she can stay with her parents in Dingolfing for now, says the 39 year old.
Since she grew up in the neighboring county she is quite familiar with the town Eggenfelden.
Having grown up in the neighboring district, she is of course very familiar with the city of Eggenfelden.
When she visited the town with her family in the past months she again realized: “Eggenfelden is a really beautiful town.”
When visiting on site with her family in recent months, she once again noticed: “Eggenfelden is a really nice little city.”
Therefore she was so very pleased that she won the job in the selection process for the vacancy.
So she was all the more happy when she found out she had won the race for the position in the selection procedure.
Her homeland Lower Bavaria plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer's professional carrier: After her law studies in Passau she completed her traineeship and her 2nd state examination in Regensburg.
Even in Dr. Stefanie Kramer’s professional career, her home of Lower Bavaria plays a key role: After studying law in Passau, she completed her legal clerkship and 2nd state examination in Regensburg.
After several employments as notary assessor - among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia, Babenhausen in Lower Allgäu as well as in Regensburg - during this time she also - like ‘in passing’ - completed her doctorate in labor law and then started her first ‘real’ job as notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau in 2012.
After several stops as a notary public, including in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia, Babenhausen in Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered her doctorate in labor law “on the side” - she started her first position as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau in 2012.
In 2016 she applied for parental time which was followed with her move to Regensburg.
In 2016, she went on parental leave, this was finally followed by the move to Regensburg.
Ever since then she accepted substitute services in several notary offices.
Since then she has been doing representative services in various notary offices.
When the vacancy in Eggenfelden was advertised due to the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller she anticipated the right time for a professional full re-entry had come, explained the 39 year old.
When the position in Eggenfelden opened up due to the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller, she saw it as the right time to make the full re-entry into her career, says the 39-year old.
Dr. Stefanie Kramer adopted the entire team of her predecessor who will become vacation replacement in the notary’s office - and she instantly had only praise for the notary office’s team: “It goes extremely well!”
Dr. Stefanie Kramer has completely taken over the predecessor’s team, who will in the future take over the notary’s office for vacation representation - and already has praise for the office’s team: “It’s going really well!”
It makes it easier for her to be able to rely on established routines and thus to have time to taking care of the pending transfer of her private life center point.
The fact that she can rely on the smooth-running processes makes it easier for her to take care of the upcoming relocation of her private life.
Regarding kindergarten respectively nursery places she has already established contact with the local facilities.
In terms of kindergarten or daycare places, she has already contacted the local facilities.
And if everything goes as desired she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby again - namely to learn about the most beautiful jogging areas of the Rottal.
And if everything goes as she hopes, she will be able to pursue her hobby here as well - and get to know the best jogging routes in the Rottal.
BVB is planning to start the league launch with maximum 15,000 spectators.
BVB plans for up to 15,000 fans when new season opens
Dortmund - The Dortmund’s football stadium, the largest in Germany, won’t even fill up to 20 percent capacity as fans return for the start of the season.
Dortmund Germany’s largest football stadium, in Dortmund, will not even be 20 percent full at the start of next season should fans return.
“Because of isolation regulations, which must be enforced, we are planning for 12,000 to 15,000 spectators as things stand now,” said Borussia Dortmund’s manager Carsten Cramer to “Tagesspiegel”.
“Because of the rules on distancing we have to comply with, we are currently planning for between 12,000 and 15,000 fans”, Borussia Dortmund director Carsten Cramer told "Tagesspiegel".
Normally, the arena in the Dortmund has more than 81,000 spectators during Bundesliga games.
The Dortmund arena normally holds a little over 81,000 spectators for Bundesliga games.
Last season’s ghost games, a result of the corona pandemic, caused about 4 million euros in loses per game for the BVB.
Last season BVB lost around four million euros per match as games were played behind closed doors due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Cramer, who is responsible for marketing, digitalization and internationalization for BVB, hopes that the circa 4,000 seats in the hospitality area can be opened up, in addition to the normal spectator seats: “Obviously it is a blow to the business if this income is just completely lost”.
Cramer, who is Head of Marketing, Digitalization and Internationalization at BVB, is hoping that they will be able to open up some of the approximately 4,000 seats in the hospitality area, as well as the normal seats. “Of course, it’s a financial blow if all of this revenue is lost.”
As a result of the ongoing corona crises, everyone is now “well advised to first get into a stable position.”
Given the ongoing Covid-19 crisis, everyone would be “well advised to adopt a recovery position to begin with”.
Cramer explained, “if it is not going well for many companies (about 6.8 million people in Germany alone are on short-time work) then the need for entertainment is limited.”
“If a lot companies are having difficulties and 6.8 million people are working reduced hours in Germany alone, the need for entertainment is limited,” explained Cramer.
Dortmund’s head of marketing praised the BVB professionals for having part of their salary waved, which contributes to overcoming the crises: “Of course the players know, that by having part of their salary waved, it causes a much different effect than 100 people in merchandising having to be put on short-time work.”
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the BVB players for giving up part of their salary in order to help get through the crisis, “Of course, the players know that giving up their salaries has a different effect than if we reduce the working hours of 100 people in merchandising.”
Small wonders: An early start to life with only a few hundred grams
Tiny miracles: Early life start at only a couple hundred grams
Hardly heaver then a pack of butter with just three tablespoons of blood in his body: This was Gabriel at birth; he weighed exactly 273 grams.
Scarcely heavier than a packet of butter, just three tablespoons of blood in his entire body. That was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed precisely 273 grams.
The lad is just one of 400 early births that are cared for at the Grazer Primary Hospital every year.
The tot is one of around 400 premature babies that the Graz Children’s Hospital cares for each year.
A fourth of them weigh less then 1,500 grams, a few are extremely light weight without even a kilogram at birth like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael.
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams, while a couple, such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael, are extreme lightweights whose birth weight is not even a kilogram.
They are so small and born so early, that neither their lungs, their intestines nor their muscles are fully developed.
They are so small and born so early that their lungs, intestines and muscles are not fully formed.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that the electrodes from an ECG can harm it.
Their skin is sometimes so tender that an ECG’s electrodes can damage it.
They are so small that sometimes they wear puppy clothing and special mini diapers designed just for them.
And they are so tiny that, for a while, they wear dolls’ clothing and diapers specially made for them.
However, they are not so small that they don’t already have a voice, “and how’s that,” smirked Berndt Urlesberger.
But not so small that they have no voice - “And how!”, smiles Berndt Urlesberger.
“Even if they don’t scream as loudly as big babies, of course.”
“Even though they don’t cry as loudly as large babies, of course”.
When the whiteboard takes the stage
When the whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona - theater in the classroom. The whiteboard as stage - shortly before school vacation start this was experienced by 9th graders of the Sankt-Jakobus-Gymnasium in Absagmünd.
Theater in the classroom despite the coronavirus: The 9th grade class of the St. Jakobus High School in Abtsgmünd found out just before the start of the holidays that the white board can be experienced as a stage.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city theater Aalen presented to the students the production “The homeland dress” - namely via video.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city theater in Aalen put on the production “Das Heimatkleid” for students - by video, in fact.
After the presentation the students could share their thoughts via Skype with the actress and director Winfried Tobias about that play and the performance.
The students were then able to talk with the actress and director Winfried Tobias about the piece and the performance afterwards via Skype.
The idea for the exhibition was born out of the current Corona situation.
The idea for the performance format was borne out of the current coronavirus situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about the lectures enrichment.
Teacher Teresa Nar was pleased with the enrichment to her teaching.
At the end all participants agreed that the direct encounter in a theater and stage room would offer additional appeal but one also saw in the theater the potentials for the contact in schools.
Even though all of the participants agreed at the end that the direct encounter in the theater, and on stage, would be more appealing, potential for contact in schools can also be seen in the theater.
“When we further improve the technical framework this could become an interesting supplement of the ongoing theater operations”, emphasized director Winfried Tobias.
“If we continue to improve the technical framework, it could be an interesting supplement to productions,” emphasized director Winfried Tobias.
The first round is a tie: TSV 1860 would go up against Eintracht Frankfurt in the DFB-Pokal
First Round draw: TSV 1860 to meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the DFB Cup
Should TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB-Pokal, the Lions would then go up against Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round.
If TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the Lions will face Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This was the result of the tie on Sunday.
This was the outcome of Sunday’s draw.
Munich - 1860s opponent in the first round of the DFB-Pokal has been determined.
Munich 1860’s potential opponent in the first round of the DFB Cup is now known.
The Lions would go up against Eintracht Frankfurt following a successful qualification.
If the Lions qualify they will face Eintracht Frankfurt.
This was the result of the tie on the ARD-Sportschau on Sunday.
This was the outcome of the draw in the ARD sports show on Sunday evening.
Place holders were used during the draw, because the audience seats were not occupied as a result of the epidemic.
As the participants have not yet been finalized due to the coronavirus pandemic, the draw made use of placeholders.
TSV 1860 is already in the finals of the Bavarian Toto-Pokals (4th or 5th of September), because of the surrender of opponent FC Memmingen during the semi-final.
As semi-final opponents FC Memmingen have voluntarily withdrawn, TSV 1860 are already in the final of the Bavarian Cup (4th or 5th September).
The Lions will either go up against the Würzburger Kickers or Victoria Aschaffenburg there.
There the Lions will face either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
Should the new second-league team reach the finals, then the 1860s would already qualify for the first round of the DFB-Pokal.
If Würzburg, who were recently promoted to Division 2 of the Bundesliga, reach the final, 1860 would already qualify for the first round of the DFB Cup.
The other option is that the Giesinger team beats the regional league team Aschaffenburg in the finals.
Otherwise the Giesing-based club would need to defeat regional league team Aschaffenburg in the final.
The first round of the DFB-Pokals will take place between the 11th and 14th of September; a week before the start of the third-league.
The first round of the DFB Cup will be played between September 11 and 14, a week before the Bundesliga Division 3 season begins.
“Gone with the Wind”: Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
“Gone With The Wind”: Film legend Olivia de Havilland dies
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
Film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland has died.
She died of a natural birth on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104, her spokesperson said to the German Press Agency.
She died of natural causes on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104, her spokeswoman told the Deutsche Presse agency.
She was known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern epic, “Gone with the Wind” (1939).
de Havilland was known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern states epic “Gone With The Wind” (1939).
Born to British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a small child.
Born in Tokyo to British parents, de Havilland moved to California as a young child.
The Austrian theater personality Max Reinhard discovered the 19 year-old in the role of Hermia in Shakespeare’s “A Midsummer Night's Dream”.
Austrian dramatist Max Reinhardt discovered the 19 year old playing the role of Hermia in Shakespeare’s “Midsummer Night’s Dream”.
Warner Brothers film studio took her immediately under a seven year contract and she made it big alongside Eroll Flynn.
The Warner Brothers film studio immediately took her under contract for seven years and made her famous alongside Errol Flynn.
She filmed eight films with the heart breaker.
She made eight films with the heart-throb.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar as the main role in “To Each His Own”.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar with the leading role in "To Each His Own".
The film premiered in Germany under the title “Mutterherz”.
In Germany the film ran under the title “Mutterherz”.
Three years later she got the designation as best actress in William Wylers “The Heiress”.
Three years later came the Best Actress award for her role in William Wyler’s "The Heiress".
She received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in “The Dark Mirror” and “The Snake Pit”.
She also won great acclaim as a neurotic eccentric in “The Dark Mirror” and “The Snake Pit”.
Daphne du Maurier suggested her for the main roll in her 1952 filming of her novel “My Cousin Rachel”.
In 1952 Daphne du Maurier suggested her for the leading role in the adaptation of her novel “My Cousin Rachel”.
This show was a worldwide success.
The film was a worldwide success.
She played with her long-term friend Bette Davis in “Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte”.
In “Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte” she acted alongside her old friend Bette Davis.
Her son Benjamin was born out of her marriage with the writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953).
Her marriage to novelist Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953) produced son Benjamin.
She married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante in Paris and had her daughter Gisèle with him.
In Paris, de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante, with whom she had daughter Gisèle.
This marriage also came to an end.
The marriage also ended.
Rumors about an affair with British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
Rumors of an affair with former British prime minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
“Road to Timmendorf“: Beach volleyball: Thole/Wickler miss out on the finale in comeback
"Road to Timmendorf": Beach volleyball: Thole/Wickler miss out on final on their comeback
The world-champion duo Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed out on the beach volleyball tournament “Road to Timmendorf”.
World Championship runners-up Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed out on the final of the "Road to Timmendorf" beach volleyball tournament.
They were defeated by their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21) in the semi-final during a meet-up of the top teams in Düsseldorf.
As the top teams met in Düsseldorf, they lost 1-2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21) in the semi-final to their colleagues from the national team, Nils Ehlers und Lars Flüggen.
Thole/Wickler recently played in the World Tour Final in Rome in September of last year.
Thole/Wickler last played at the World Tour Final in Rome last September.
In the final game on the Rhine, their conquers suffered a defeat against the surprise duo Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
In the final on the Rhine, their opponents Ehlers/Flüggen were defeated 0-2 (17:21, 17:21) by surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde.
Three starting positions were also played out for the German championship in the beginning of September on Timmendorfer beach: The tickets secured Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers.
Alongside the showcase tournament, three places were also up for grabs to contest the German championships in early September on Timmendorf Beach: they were secured by Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers.
Kalbitz expulsion from the AfD is confirmed - FDP calls it ‘fig leaf’.
Kalbitz sacking from Alternative from Germany confirmed - FDP speaks of “fig leaf”
The expulsion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is - in the FDP’s view - only a ‘fig leaf’ and doesn’t change anything about the party’s character-
The expulsion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a “fig leaf” from the FDP’s point of view and doesn’t change anything about the party’s character.
“The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right extremists in Germany.
“The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far-right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD”, said the FDP politician Benjamin Strasser, specialist for domestic affairs, to the news agency dpa in Berlin.
Andreas Kalbitz is just the tip of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD,” FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser told the news agency dpa in Berlin.
The AfD’s federal arbitration court had confirmed the exclusion of Kalbitz after several hours of hearing on Saturday in Stuttgart; the AfD’s federal board had decided the expulsion with majority in May.
The Federal Arbitration Court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of deliberation, the Federal Executive Committee had decided this in May by majority.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD fraction in the Brandenburg state parliament.
Kalbitz is the chair of the AfD faction in the Brandenburg state parliament.
“If the AfD is really concerned about removing right wing extremists from its party then officials like Björn Höcke and also his followers would have been expelled a long time ago”, said Strasser.
“If the AfD were really serious about consistently removing right wing extremists from their party, officials such as Björn Höcke and his followers would have been removed long ago,” says Strasser.
“For that there is not political will apparent in the AfD because the right wing extremism belongs to the party by now.”
“However, there is no political will in the AfD, because right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Similar statements come from the CSU secretary general, Markus Blume: “That Andreas Kalbitz now remains expelled does not say anything and changes nothing”, he said to the “Welt am Sonntag”.
CSU secretary general Markus Blume expressed a similar opinion: “The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is excluded now says nothing and changes nothing,” he told the “Welt am Sonntag.”
“It rather says a lot how many frenetic supporters a right wing extremist still has in the midst of the AfD.”
"Instead, it says a lot about how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the AfD.”
Blume assumes that the AfD will land again below five percent in future elections.
Blume assumes that the AfD will continue to land less than 5 percent in future elections.
“AfD’s days in parliaments are numbered.”
“The AfD’s days in the parliaments are numbered.”
Kalbitz was spokesman of the ‘wing’ around the Thuringia AfD state and fraction chairman Björn Höcke that had been dissolve officially by now; the Office for the Protection of the Constitution ranks the movement as ‘severe right wing extremist attempt’.
Kalbitz was one of the advocates of the official, now disbanded, “wing” around the Thuringia AfD state and faction chair Björn Höcke, which had been classified as a “secured right-wing extremist endeavor” by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution.
In May the AfD federal board threw Kalbitz out of the party.
In May, the AfD federal board threw Kalbitz out of the party.
Reason for that was that Kalbitz did not inform the party when applying for membership about his earlier membership in the meanwhile forbidden “Heimattreuen Deutschen Jugend (HDJ) and with the ‘Republikaner’.
The reason they gave was that Kalbitz was a former member or the now forbidden right-wing extremist group “Heimattreue Deutsche Jugend” (HDJ) when he joined the party and did not tell the Republicans.
Kalbitz denies his membership in the HDJ.
Kalbitz denies the membership in the HDJ.
The chairman of the left fraction in the Brandenburg Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also insisted that the decision of the federal arbitration court would not change the character of the AfD. “The wolf only ate chalk.
The chair of the left-wing faction in the Brandenburg state parliament, Sebastian Walter, emphasizes that the decision of the federal arbitration court doesn’t change anything about the character of the AfD: “This is still a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
The AfD remains a right extremist party whether with or without Kalbitz.”
The AfD is still a right-wing extremist party, with or without Kalbitz.”
This decision would neither weaken the federal party nor its right wing.
Neither the federal party nor the right wing will be weakened by this decision.
“The maneuvers of the Meuthen troop is transparent.
“The Meuthan squad’s maneuver is transparent.
They want to escape further observations by the Office for the Protection of the Constitution and they try to keep ‘under the radar’”, said Walter.
They want to evade further observation by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and are trying to fly under the radar,” says Walter.
“The AfD can’t get rid of the ghosts it had called on.
“The AfD won’t be rid of the spirits they have conjured up.
An expulsion does still not anything”, was a comment of the Brandenburg SPD secretary general, Erik Stohn, about the decision in the case Kalbitz.
A removal changes nothing,” says the Brandenburg SPD secretary general Erik Stohn about the decision in the Kalbitz case.
“The AfD state association and the fraction stood by their right wing leader.”
“The AfD state association and the faction stood by their right-wing leader until today.”
The legal dispute about Kalbitz’ membership in the AfD will continue.
The legal dispute about Kalbitz’s membership in the AfD will continue.
Kalbitz announced on Saturday he will fight the decision by the federal arbitration court in civil court.
On Saturday, Kalbitz announced he will dispute the decision of the federal arbitration court in civil court.
The North Sea wind parks deliver 21+ percent more power.
North Sea Wind Farms Deliver 21 Percent More Electricity
The wind power plants of the German North Sea delivered 11.51 terawatt hours electricity to the net in the first six months of the year.
The wind power stations on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year.
That is about 21 percent more compared to the same time period of the last year, informed network operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
That’s a good 21 percent more than the same time period in the previous year, said the grid operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the North Sea power transfer and the routing through the German power net.
Tennet is responsible for transmitting the North Sea electricity to the mainland and forwarding it on through the German power grid.
The wind turbines in the Baltic Sea that do not belong to Tennet’s network delivered another 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) power.
The wind power stations on the Baltic Sea, which do not belong to Tennet’s grid area, have fed another 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity.
Altogether, wind generated power from the North and the Baltic Sea generated 13.73 TWH compared to 11.64 TWh in the first half year 2019.
Overall, the wind power from the North Sea and Baltic Sea comes to 13.73 TWh, compared to 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The wind power harvest resembles thus almost 19 percent of the entire wind power in Germany; this is about four percent more than last year.
The wind yield on the sea therefore makes up 19 percent of the total wind power in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind parks feature higher generation capacities.
New wind farms provide for additional generation capacities
The increased contribution of the offshore wind energy results from higher generation capacities beside the wind conditions because new wind parks came into the net within the past twelve months.
The increased yield from offshore wind energy is due to, in addition to the wind conditions, increased generation capacities, because new wind parks have been connected to the grid in the past twelve months.
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea would all work with full speed they could generate calculated 6.7 gigawatt energy.
If the 1,270 wind power stations in the North Sea were to all run at full power simultaneously, they could technically generate 6.7 gigawatts of power.
The transfer capacity is sufficient for that; according to Tennet it could handle 7.1 gigawatt.
The transmission capacity is sufficient, as according to Tennet, the capacity is 7.1 gigawatts.
Until 2030 the capacity should increase to 17 gigawatt in the German North Sea.
By 2030, this should increase in the German North Sea to 17 gigawatts.
“Until then we will invest 20 billion Euro in the expansion of the offshore net connections in Germany and the Netherlands”, said Tennet manager Tim Meyerjürgens.
“In Germany and in the Netherlands, we are investing 20 billion euros in to expanding the offshore grid connections,” says Tennet CEO Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality wind parks also at sea cannot exploit their full capacity but reach about 40 percent.
In reality, wind parks cannot exhaust their capacity, even on the sea, but rather achieve about 40 percent.
The previous record day in this year was January 2nd when the North Sea wind parks generated more than six gigawatt power.
The current record day this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind parks generated more than six gigawatts of energy.
On average the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt energy; that corresponds with three to for nuclear power plants.
On average, the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of power, which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants.
With that almost seven million households can be provided with power.
They could therefore supply nearly seven million households with power.
Art “Skirmish” - an exhibition of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the art association Gmünd.
Art “Skirmish” - an exhibition of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Gmünd Art Association gallery.
This was almost a little anniversary celebration of the 130tieth
This was akin to a small anniversary celebration for the 130th
birthday of the Künstlerverein Gmünd. The exhibition opening “Skirmish” with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold exceeded the usual frame after the Corona break.
Gmünd Art Association: The exhibition opening “Skirmish” with work from the Leipzig artist Christian Bold broke the mold after the hiatus caused by coronavirus.
Many more friends of the arts than usual followed the dialog between the artist and the chairman of the Künstlerverein,Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
Many more art lovers than usual followed the dialog between the artist and the chair of the art association, professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent was delivered by the band “Defenders of the Universe” at the southern Kornhausplatz.
The musical equivalent was provided by the band “Defenders of the Universe” on the southern located Kornhausplatz square.
North of the gallery performed the association “Sandtogether”.
The association “Sandtogether” was involved to the north of the gallery.
Freital: The Windberg Festival was cancelled because of Corona
Freital: Windberg Festival cancelled due to coronavirus
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the planned three-day festival in September.
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day festival that was planned for September.
The city festival has received up to 30,000 visitors in past years.
In other years, over 30,000 people had visited this city festival.
“We honestly didn’t make this decision lightly - conscious of how financially difficult it will be for those involved - we hoped up to the last moments,” clarified Mayor Uwe Rumberg (Independent).
“We have genuinely not made this decision lightly and, being aware of how financially tough it is for those involved, we were hoping up until the last minute,” explained Mayor Uwe Rumberg (independent).
“But as event organizers we are responsible in the end for the health of thousands of people”.
“But ultimately, as the organizers, we are responsible for the health of several thousand people”.
If tens of thousands of people during the festival had taken to the festival grounds, no minimum distance, hygiene concepts or contact tracing could be maintained as stipulated by current Corona protection ordinances.
Because if tens of thousands had poured into the festival area and the marquee, we wouldn’t have been able to comply with the virus rules on social distancing, hygiene regulations and contact tracing.
Otherwise, the restrictions would have been so extreme that not much of a folk festival would have remained.
Or the restrictions would have been so severe that not much of the festival atmosphere would have remained.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring expenses would have disproportionately risen by a multitude.
The organization and monitoring costs would also have multiplied and been disproportionate.
Rumberg is consoled thinking of next year.
Rumberg was consoled by thoughts of next year.
That is when the city of Freital will celebrate its centennial with the Winterberg Festival as well as Saxony Day from the 10th to the 12th of September 2021.
The city of Freital will then be celebrating its’ 100th birthday, with festivities including Winterberg Festival from 7th to 9th May 2021 and Saxons’ Day from 10th to 12th September 2021.
Dressur - Olympia champion Werth is not to be defeated in Achleiten
Olympic dressage champion Werth unbeatable in Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the Dressur Championship in the Austrian Achleiten.
Achleiten - The six-times Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage competition in Achleiten, Austria.
The 51 year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories after four starts.
The 51 year old from Rheinberg achieved four victories from four starts at the weekend.
After she has won a Grand Prix starting with both Weihegold and Quantaz, she was also invincible in the Grand Prix Special in the Kürstadt.
After winning one Grand Prix each at Weihegold and Quantaz, she was again unbeatable on Sunday at the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle.
Riding the 15 year-old mare Weihegold in the Special on Sunday, she clearly beat the Austrian Max-Theuer who was ridding Abegglen.
On Sunday, on the 15 year old mare Weihegold in the Special, Werth gained a clear victory over Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen.
The German, who rode Quantaz, was also clearly in the lead in front of the 34 year-old classmate Victoria Max-Theurer.
On Saturday at Quantaz, the German also beat her 34 year old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer by a clear margin in the freestyle.
Werth’s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
Werth’s winning horse is owned by Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressage rider in the world should be establishing the ten-year stallion in the Grand Prix.
The world’s most successful dressage rider is aiming to establish the 10 year old stallion in the Grand Prix.
It was the very first Kür for Quantaz.
It was Quantaz’s very first freestyle competition.
Werth had already won all important four tests three weeks before the first tournament in Achleiten.
At the first competition in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth also won all four major trials.
The last of the three international tournaments is planned there for the 14th to the 16th of August.
The last of the three international competitions is scheduled to take place there from 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
More future air traffic controllers in Worms
The University of Applied Sciences in Worms is reaching higher up into the air: The “DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung” is founding a professorship for “Air Traffic Management”.
The University of Applied Sciences Worms continues to reach for the sky: The DFS (Deutsche Flugsicherung) is to fund a professorship in Air Traffic Management.
A corresponding agreement between the college and the DFS was signed in Worms.
A corresponding agreement has now been signed by the University of Applied Sciences Worms and the DFS in Worms.
The agreement was initially concluded for three years starting in 2021.
The agreement is initially for three years and will begin in 2021.
For this professorship it is possible to begin studying in winter semester as well as in summer semester.
This professorship will enable studies to commence not only in the summer but also in the winter semester.
In that way, twice as many students can be educated as before.
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before.
At the same time, the capacity of the college as well as the air traffic control academy of the DFS carry the burden equally.
At the same time, capacities at both the university and at the DFS’ air control management academy will be utilized equally.
The DFS will also advise the college in the establishment and appointment of the professorship.
The DFS will advise the university on setting up the professorship and filling the position.
Representing the college since 2019
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the 2019 summer semester, the first students have been in the Air Traffic Management program at Worms University as part of their training to become air traffic controllers.
The first students have been working on the Air Traffic Management course as part of their air traffic control training at Worms University since the 2019 summer semester.
Nine students are already starting this year
Nine students have started this year already.
Up till now, the experience of the DFS has been very positive, the performance of the students has been commendable.
To date the DFS has had very positive experiences, as the students have performed excellently.
The combination of study and air traffic control training is contributing significantly to the attractiveness of the air traffic control profession.
The combination of course work and air traffic control training is very much helping to make the profession of air traffic controller more attractive.
“In these times, economic support is not easy to come by.
“Funding doesn’t come easily to us at the current time.
We are counting on air traffic to pick up again and to grow again in the long run.
But we believe that air transport will recover and grow again in the long term.
We need highly qualified personnel in order to be able to fulfill our legal agreement in the future,” said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head chairman of the DFS at the signing of the contract.
We need highly qualified personnel if we are to be able to meet our statutory remit going forward,” said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, the DFS Chairman as the agreement was signed.
“The endowed chair is a future-secure investment for the DFS, in order to provide air traffic controllers with a breadth of comprehensive expert base of knowledge in the long run.
“For the DFS, the endowed chair is an investment for the future which, over the long term, will give air traffic controllers a broad, interdisciplinary knowledge base.
We are pursuing a beneficial cooperation with the University and simultaneously underpinning our attractiveness as an employer.”
So we shall be continuing our excellent collaboration with the university and, at the same time, underpinning our appeal as an employer”.
President of the University of Applied Sciences in Worms Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, also emphasized this: “The endowed chair establishes an important bridge between the economy and science.
This was also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Applied Sciences Worms, “The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between academia and business.
With it, we would like to tie together the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as our practice partner for the dual bachelor program Air Traffic Management.”
With it, we wish to link in to the existing collaboration with the DFS as our practical partner for the dual bachelor degree program in Air Traffic Management.
The trust of the Deutsche Flugsicherung for the University in Worms is simultaneously a motivation and a responsibility to further build out their teaching and research competence in the forward-looking field of air traffic.
For Worms University, the faith shown by the DFS provides both motivation and an obligation to further develop its teaching and research skills in the future areas of air transport.
The applied university with its first endowed chair can set up a dual study program with very special highlights and innovative emphases for its students.
With this first endowed chair for a dual degree program, the university will be able to offer the air traffic controllers of tomorrow some excellent highlights and innovations.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary for the Ministry of Science Education and Culture, emphasized: “The University of Applied Sciences in Worms has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate in the field of air traffic.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry for Science, Education and Culture, said, “With its focus on the air transport sector, Worms University has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Today’s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university.”
The signing of the collaboration agreement today will strengthen the university’s profile”.
An emergency rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
Air ambulance lands on the A 45
The A 45 Autobahn in the direction of Aschaffenburg was fully shut down for 30 minutes on Saturday around noon as an emergency rescue helicopter was deployed following an auto accident.
The A 45 motorway in the direction of Aschaffenburg was completely closed for around 30 minutes on Saturday lunchtime as an air ambulance was deployed following a traffic accident.
Around 12:40h a 76 year-old in a Ford drove straight through the curve of the Alzenau-Mitte exit ramp and collided with the crash barrier.
At around 12.40 pm a 76 year old driving a Ford went straight into the curve at the Alzenau-Mitte exit and hit the crash barrier.
The front air bags were released as a result of the collision, the driver suffered minor injuries to the face and must be brought to a hospital for treatment.
The collision triggered the front airbags, causing the drive to suffer slight injuries to his face, and meaning he had to be taken to hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72 year-old passenger were treated by the emergency medic and the patient was flown to the hospital in the emergency rescue helicopter.
The paramedic treated the 72 year old passenger’s injuries and the patient was then flown to hospital in the air ambulance.
At present the police assume that there is no danger of death.
The police currently believe that there is no danger to life.
The damaged vehicle, which suffered circa 2,000 euros in damages, needed to be towed away.
With damages valued at around 2000 euros, the vehicle had to be towed away.
Heil would like to investigate other industries after the meat industry
Heil intends looking at other sectors after the meat industry.
The corona crises brought conditions in parts of the meat industry to light once again.
The coronavirus crisis has again exposed conditions in parts of the meat industry.
A strengthening of the laws is on its way.
Tightened laws on the way
Are they legal, and will things remain like that?
But are they legal - and will they stick?
The Federal Minister of Labor Hubertus Heil (SPD) wants to investigate other sectors after the currently planned, strict measures against abuses in the meat industry.
Following on from the tough rules that are now planned against failings in the meat industry, the Federal Minister of Employment, Hubertus Heil (SPD), is also intending to look at other sectors.
“We are going to look at industry after industry and for each respective industry take suitable measures where needed,” Heil said to the German Press Agency in Berlin.
“We shall study them sector by sector and then, if required, take suitable measures for the sector concerned,” Heil told the Deutsche Presse agency in Berlin.
German employers are already warning about limiting work contracts in general.
German employers are already warning against generally restricting work contracts.
After the massive corona outbreak at the meat empire Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the federal cabinet wants to conclude this Wednesday a law from Heil.
After the massive coronavirus outbreak at meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the federal cabinet is intending to enact one of Heil’s laws this Wednesday.
Large slaughter houses are no longer able to use external staff for slaughtering, disassembly and meat preparation.
Large slaughterhouses will no longer be permitted to employ third party staff for slaughtering, cutting or meat processing.
The use of contracted and temporary workers is also forbidden there.
And the use of work contracts and temporary staff is also set to be banned.
President of employment Ingo Kramer said to the dpa: “Take your finger away from general restrictions on contract labor and personnel leasing if you don’t want to completely stall the economy.”
Employers’ President Ingo Kramer told the dpa, “Stay away from any general restriction on work contracts and contract staffing if you don’t want to completely choke the economy”.
Service contracts are necessarily a fundamental part of value creation for customers in, for example, large sectors of craftsmanship, construction and plant manufacturing.
For example, for broad sections of the skilled crafts sector, the construction industry and plant engineering, work contracts are the very basis of their added value for the customer.
“The misconduct of individual actors may not destroy such an important instrument.”
“Individual failings cannot ruin a key instrument like this.”
Heil assures: “My goal is not to ban contract workers in general from the German economy”.
Heil promised, “My aim isn’t to ban work contracts everywhere in German business.”
Contracts for work make sense.
Work contracts make good sense.
“When an industrial operation contracts a craftsman to construct a security system that is a very normal contract for work.”
“When an industrial company hires a skilled person to install a safety system, that’s a completely normal work contract”.
The German meat industry claims that a ban on contracts for work and temporary labor in their sector exclusively would go against the constitution.
The German meat industry believes that banning work contracts and temporary employment in their sector alone is unconstitutional.
It has yet to be made explicit why proportioning and packaging of cheese should have different worker rights in the future then for sausage, claimed a statement on the legislative proposal as reported by the “Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung “ (Saturday).
There was no explanation as to why, in the future, the employment law applied to cutting up and packaging cheese should be different to that applied to sausage, said a statement on the planned legislation, as the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" reported (Saturday).
The user price would rise by 10 to 20 percent per kilo and product as the result of such a ban.
Were there to be a ban, the consumer price would rise by 10 to 20 percent per kilo.
Many Eastern European laborers from contract for work companies work in the branch according to findings from an investigation of NRW worker protection administration, some of them 16 hours a day.
Many Eastern European workers in contractor companies in the sector were sometimes working 16 hours per day, according to the findings of an investigation by NRW’s Employment Protection Office.
Often there are no pauses.
They often had no breaks.
Pay is reduced for protective equipment and for rent.
Wages were held back for protective equipment or rent.
It was made clear that the housing situation for the employees was often miserable.
It was also found that workers’ accommodation situations were often poor.
Heil said, that in 2017 a relatively strict law was put into place affecting the meat industry.
Heil said that a relatively tough law for the meat industry had been passed in 2017.
It was largely ignored, however, through, “devious designs”.
But they had been circumvented by “cunning systems”.
“Now it really needs to be fundamentally cleaned up”
“Now a complete deep-clean is required”.
The politician announced: “In the worker protection law that the cabinet would like to conclude at the end of July, which does not just effect the meat industry, rather, for example, leads to higher examination quota for worker protection and clear criteria for shared accommodation.”
The politician said, “The employment protection law that we in the cabinet want to pass in late July also contains measures that affect not only the meat sector - for example, higher check rates for employment protection and clear criteria for shared accommodation”.
The draft laying before the dpa includes changes to the law to secure employee rights in the meat industry as well as the worker protection law.
The draft available to the dpa contains amendments to the law on safeguarding employee rights in the meat industry and the employment protection law.
Brandenburg’s Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher (Green Party) sees intensive oversight as necessary.
Brandenburg’s Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher (Greens) believes tighter controls are necessary.
“I would like that we could do even more checks in many areas of regulation: Monitoring of food, animal protection, everything that is possible, for example animal transportation,” said Nonnemacher am Sunday in the RBB program “Brandenburg aktuell”.
“I’d like to be able to carry out even more inspections in many supervisory areas: food inspections, animal protection, everything possible, for example animal transport too,” Nonnemacher said in the RBB program "Brandenburg aktuell" on Sunday.
More checks are also necessary for staff personnel.
But more staff would also be required for any increase in inspections.
Three dead at crash of ultra-light plane in Germany
Three dead in ultralight aircraft crash in Germany
According to police at a crash of an ultra-light plane into an multi-family building in Wesel in the German federal state of Nordrhein-Westfalen three people have died.
According to police, three people have died after an ultralight aircraft crashed into an apartment building in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
A child was slightly injured.
One child suffered minor injuries.
Two more people had been rescued injured from the crash site, said a spokesperson from the district control center in Wesel.
Two other people were rescued from the accident with injuries, said a spokesman from the district control center.
A parachute was found at the crash site according to police.
A parachute was found at the site of the accident, say police.
The “Rheinische Post” reported with reference to eye witnesses the plane had collided with a hot-air balloon prior to the crash.
The “Rheinische Post” reports that eyewitnesses say the aircraft collided with a hot air balloon before crashing.
The house was either a one family or two family home.
The house was a detached or semi-detached home.
More details were currently not known.
More details are not known at this time.
Clearance of the Opernplatz in Frankfurt was peaceful.
Frankfurt Opernplatz central square cleared peacefully
One week after the riots in Frankfurt the clearance of the Opernplatz proceeded also peacefully in the night before Sunday.
One week after the riots in Frankfurt, the Opernplatz square was cleared peacefully Saturday night.
Until last, some dozens of people were still present at the place, however, they also left before beginning of the curfew at 1 a.m.
Several dozen people were still in the square, but they left before the curfew began at 1 am.
The police was in use with numerous officers since the early evening, a major police detachment was observed in the entire city area.
The police had deployed numerous officers since the early evening, meaning a larger police presence could be seen in the city.
It was the first time on this weekend that a ban on entering the Opernplatz after midnight had been issued; a week ago riots had occurred at the Opernplatz.
This is the first weekend with a ban on entering the Opernplatz square starting at midnight, where there were riots one week ago.
Police had been attacked with bottles by the crowd of rioters.
Revelers threw bottles at the police from the crowd.
At least five officers were hurt, according to a police report, police vehicles were damaged.
At least five officers were injured and several police vehicles were damaged, according to the police.
The night before Saturday remained also quite calm.
Saturday night also remained quiet.
Auto rollover: A young woman was severely injured on Federal Highway 83 near Hofgeismar.
Car flips over: Young woman seriously injured in accident on Highway 83 near Hofgeismar
A 21 year-old woman suffered serious injury after an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme on Sunday around 13:25h.
A 21-year-old woman suffered serious injuries at around 1:25 p.m. on Sunday in an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme.
She was brought to the clinic in Kassel.
She was taken to Kassel Hospital.
The fire department looked for other possible passengers with thermal imaging cameras.
The fire service used infrared cameras to search for any possible passengers.
According to police, the woman was on the Bundesstraße 83 on her way to her home in Hümme as her car deviated from the road for undetermined reasons and rolled over multiple times.
According to the police, the woman was driving towards her home town of Humme on Highway 83 when, for some unexplained reason, her car left the road and flipped over several times.
In order to free the unfortunate driver, the fire department had to cut open the roof of the car.
The fire service had to cut the car roof away to save the casualty.
The surrounding cornfield was searched from on top of an aerial ladder with a thermal imagining camera, because it was unclear whether she was driving with anyone else in the vehicle
Since it was unclear whether anyone else was in the vehicle, an infrared camera was deployed from the turntable ladder to search the adjacent cornfield.
The drone squad from Warburg, which was also working with thermal imaging cameras, was also ordered for the search.
The drone section from Warburg, who also work with infrared cameras, was also called up for the search.
In any case, emergency personnel didn’t find anyone between the tall corn stalks.
However, the rescue workers failed to find anyone amongst the tall corn plants.
The severely injured driver was brought in an ambulance to the clinic in Kasseler for further care.
The seriously injured woman was taken by ambulance to Kassel Hospital for further treatment.
Just under 50 emergency personnel from the fire departments of Hofgeismar, Hümme und Schöneberg were on location.
Almost 50 rescue workers from the Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg fire services attended the location.
The federal highway was closed for two hours because of the incident.
The accident caused the highway to close for two hours.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Juventus of Turin Italian champions
Turin - After a liberating goal from Cristiano Ronaldo, the record-holding champion Juventus Turin secured itself the Italian championship for the ninth time in a row.
Turin - After a redeeming goal from Cristiano Ronaldo, Juventus of Turin, who hold the record for the number of Italian league championships won, have secured the title for the ninth time in a row.
The team with the five-time World Player of the Year now has 36 in total. Scudetto in club history perfect with a 2:0 (1:0) on Sunday night at home against Sampdoria Genoa.
The team, including five players dubbed World Footballer Of The Year wrapped up their 36th Scudetto in the club’s history on Sunday evening by winning 2:0 (1:0) in their home game against Sampdoria of Genoa.
Ronaldo made it 1:0 before halftime.
Ronaldo scored to make it 1:0 before half-time.
Turin, which has been playing without the long-injured, former national team player Sami Khedira, is no longer able to be ousted from first place with 83 points and two game days before the end of the series A season.
With two more matchdays to go before the Serie A season ends, Turin have 83 points and can no longer be knocked off top spot, but are playing without former German international Sami Khedira who has been injured for some time.
The second position on the chart is occupied by Inter Milan, who is 7 points behind.
Inter Milan, who are currently second in the table, are seven points behind.
In spite of visual superiority, Juventus was harmless in the first half, then Ronaldo scored with the final move after a free kick.
In the first half, despite their apparent superiority, Juventus caused little threat, but then Ronaldo scored from a set-piece free kick in the last action before the break.
A pass from Miralem Pjanic lead to the 35 year-old standing right in front of the penalty line with a low shot (45.+7).
With a low shot, the 35 year old converted a Miralem Pjanic pass from the edge of the area (45+7).
Working against guests who were now playing on the offensive, Ronaldo was also able to take part in making it 2:0, Federico Bernardeschi (67.) cleaned up after his shot.
With the visitors now attacking more, Ronaldo was also involved in making it 2:0, after Federico Bernardeschi (67) helped with his shot.
That is how this dull but sure success was secured.
That ensured the lacklustre but crucial victory.
The penalty shot that bounced off of the crossbar in the 89th minute must have only angered Ronaldo himself given his top scorer rank.
When he hit the bar from a penalty in the 89th minute, only Ronaldo himself, with one eye on the battle to be top scorer, would have really been annoyed.
“It is hard to remain mentally and physically on the level of the ball for 90 minutes.
“It’s tough to stay on the ball, both mentally and physically, for 90 minutes.
Games are strange and can change easily in a moment”, trainer Maurizio Sarri clarified after a 1:2 against Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
The games are strange and the momentum changes very easily,” explained coach Maurizio Sarri after the 1:2 against Udinese on Thursday.
The mental exhaustion of his players is substantial on top of everything else, said the Juve coach.
In particular, his players were mentally exhausted, said the Juve coach.
Because of this defeat, Turiner was still not able to secure the championship with a perfect record.
The defeat meant that the Turin outfit was unable to seal the title in a perfect manner.
The jump to the top of the charts was in the end particularity attributable to the weakness of the competition.
Recently Juve have had their rivals’ weaknesses to thank for the gap at the top of the table, which was comfortable in the end.
This is because the Sarri team had only managed five victories in the eleven games leading up to the game on Sunday.
Because Sarri’s team had only won five out of the eleven matches prior to Sunday’s game.
It remains to be seen whether Ronaldo will remain the top scorer.
And whether Ronaldo will end up top scorer is questionable.
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals up till now, Ciro Immobile, who previously played for Dortmund, has 34 goals to his name after his triple score for a 5:1 (1:1) against 4th ranked Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern.
For while the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far, after his hat trick in the 5:1 (1:1) against fourth-placed Lazio of Rome, former Dortmund star Ciro Immobile has 34 goals to his name - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed in FC Bayern’s title win.
The record in Italy goes to the current Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
Gonzalo Higuaín, now with Juve, holds the Italian record.
The Argentinian player scored 36 goas for SSC Neapel in the 2015/2016 season.
The Argentinian scored 36 goals for SSC Napoli in the 2015/2016 season.
The “Old Lady” of Italian football is waiting till August for their next chance at a title.
The next opportunity for the “Old Lady” of Italian football to win a trophy will come in August.
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions League and needs to set off a 0:1 first-leg defeat against Olympique Lyonnais on the 7th of August in order to reach the finals tournament in Lissabon.
Juventus are in the quarter final of the Champions League, but they have to make good a 0:1 deficit from the first leg against Olympique Lyonnais on 7th August if they are to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
Real Madrid or Manchester City would then be waiting as an opponent in the next KO round.
Real Madrid or Manchester City would await them as their opponent in the next knockout round.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal car races reported
Baden-Württemberg: Over 250 illegal car races recorded
Stuttgart - Despite impending punishment and court decisions drivers still join numerous illegal races on the roads of Baden-Württemberg. In the past year and the first four month of this year the police in the Southwest has already registered more then 250 illegal car races.
Stuttgart - In spite of all threatened penalties and court decisions, drivers continue to put the pedal to the metal in numerous illegal races on roads in Baden-Württemberg: Over the last year and the first four months of this year, the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal races.
There are no comparative numbers for the previous years but the speeders create increasingly work for the juridical authorities. 155 investigative proceedings due to illegal races were performed at public prosecutors between Konstanz and Mannheim in the year 2018, a year later there were already 252 and in the current year until the beginning of June already 151.
There are no comparison values for the years prior, but the racers are creating increasingly more work for legal authorities: In 2018, a total of 155 preliminary proceedings were conducted for illegal racing at the public attorney’s offices between Constance and Mannheim - one year later, it was already 252 and this year it has already reached 151 at the start of June.
The races were hardly performed as organized events, as it was concluded from a reply of the interior ministry to an inquiry of the Landtag-SPD.
According to the response from the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the state parliament SPD, the races are not really organized events.
In most cases the drivers would compete with one another spontaneously or they had tried to flee from the police - that is also reported as illegal race.
In most cases, the drivers have met up spontaneously or they had fled from the police - this is also registered as illegal racing.
The cars were driven predominantly by German men in the age between 18 and 60 years old.
Drivers were primarily German males aged 18 - 60.
113 fines - 15 times imprisonment
113 fines - 15 arrests
Only in comparably a few cases the speeders are caught and then fined accordingly. According to the interior ministry altogether 113 fines and 15 imprisonments were imposed since 2018.
The racers are only arrested in relatively few cases and also asked to pay: According to the Ministry of the Interior, a total of 113 fines have been charged since 2018 and 15 prison sentences issued.
However, there are no real indications that the number of illegal car races does in fact increase.
But there are no indications that the number of illegal car racers is actually increasing.
It is rather a act that other drivers react more sensitive to these races than previously due to some tragic accidents and trials in the past years, and they report them more frequently, said a spokesperson of the ministry.
Rather, other drivers are reacting more sensibly than before due to the countless tragic accidents and lawsuits over the past years and are reporting incidents more often, said a ministry spokesperson.
The speeders love to race especially on the Autobahn 8. Time and again drivers slow down the traffic there to make room and use the free road for a race.
Highway 8 is particularly popular among racers. Drivers are always stopping traffic there to create space and use the open section for a race.
Past August a dozen drivers were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck, three months prior to that even 18 drivers were caught on the A 8 close to Merklingen.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck, an three months before that, there were also 18 drivers on the A8 at Merklingen.
The A 81 is the most favorable “race track”.
A81 is the most popular “race track”
The police registers even more races on the A 81 than on any other federal autobahn.
The police actually register more races on the A81 than any other federal highway.
With an imposed speed limit it is attempted to slow down the speeders on the especially frequented section between Engen and Geisingen.
A speed limit there is being used to thwart the racers on a particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen.
The mostly expensive and tuned-up sports and luxury cars frequently sponsor Swiss license plates because the drivers evade to Germany due to the high penalties for driving too fast and for car races in the neighboring country.
The usually high-priced and tricked out sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates, because the drivers often come to Germany due to the high penalties for driving too fast and racing in the neighboring country.
For the SPD speed limits must not be restricted to only a few sections of the roads. “A general speed limit of 130 km/h would do away with this problem on the autobahns”, says Martin Rivoir, the traffic expert of the SPD Landtag fraction.
For the SPD, the speed limit shouldn’t be restricted to a few routes: “A general speed limit of 130 km/h would get rid of this problem on highways,” says Martin Rivoir, the traffic expert from the SPD state parliament faction.
“The psychological barrier for speeders was significantly higher when one could travel - still legally - here and there at 200 km/h and more”.
“The inhibition threshold for racers would be much higher if they couldn’t still legally drive at 200 km/h here and there.”
Rivoir does not think too much of enlightenment of image campaigns. “Whoever violates all rules in such a way and who risks not only his or her own life but also the life of other road users, he or she can hardly be reached with rationality”.
Rivoir doesn’t think much about education or image campaigns: “You can’t use reason to reach anyone who defies all the rules like this and not only puts their own life, but the lives of others at risk.”
ADAC demands more drastic police measures
ADAC calls for stronger measures by the police
For the ADAC is this, however, not enough: “We assume that speeders are not deterred by speed limits”, says Holger Bach, manager of the department Traffic and Environment at the ADAC Württemberg.
But for the ADAC, this is not enough: “We assume that racers are not scared by the speed limits,” says Holger Bach, department head for Traffic and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
He demands additional and also stricter controlling of the respective road sections.
He is calling for additional and harsher controls on the affected sections.
Quite often the high-speed showdowns end in hurt and serious consequences: Since January 2019 until April 2020 three people died state-wide in races, two of them who were non-participants at a nightly crash in the Stuttgart inner city and one in Gerlingen.
The high-speed trials of strength sometimes have painful and serious consequences: Between January 2019 and April 2020, three people have died nationwide in the races, two of them bystanders in a crash at night in Stuttgart’s inner city and one in Gerlingen.
Two young men were said to have had a car race in November.
Two men allegedly had a car race there in November.
One of the vehicles strayed from the road, crashed into a garden wall and remained lying on its side, the 18 year old passenger died.
One of the vehicles flew off the road, crashed into a garden fence and landed on its side, the 18-year old passenger died.
21 other people were injured at races in the past two years.
21 other people have been injured in the races in the past two years.
However, tougher penalties are not necessary according to the secretary of the interior, Thomas Strobl. “We don’t see a legislative need for action to sanction illegal car races even harder”, a paper of the interior ministry states.
More stringent penalties, however, are not necessary according to the Interior Minister Thomas Strobl: The Ministry of the Interior’s paper states that “we see no need for legislative action to sanction illegal car racing more strictly.”
Flashing lights on July 23 Thirsty burglar steels drinks from snack stand
Blue light of July 23: Thirsty burglar steals drinks from snack stand
Rohrdorf: A man broke into a snack stand in Rohrdorf (district Calw) on Thursday and stole drinks and cash money.
Rohrdorf: On Thursday, a man broke into a snack stand in Rohrdorf (district of Calw) and stole drinks and cash.
A witness heard noises in the Talstraße around 3:40 a.m. when he walked towards the snack stand.
One witness heard noises on Talstraße around 3:40 am and ran in the direction of the snack stand.
There he noticed a man who grabbed drinks from the refrigerator and who left the snack stand subsequently through the front door that was smashed open.
He noticed a man there who was helping himself to the refrigerator filled with drinks and then left the snack stand through an entry door he had smashed in.
The culprit fled in the direction of the grassland behind the snack stand.
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind the snack stand.
According to the police the burglar took also money from the cash register and stole cash in a low three-digit amount.
The burglar also helped himself to the cash register and stole cash in the lower three figure range, according to the police.
The suspect is described as follows: He is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall with a strong build.
The suspect is described as follows: He is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and has a strong build.
At the time of the burglary he wore a black hoody, black pants and light shoes.
During the crime, he wore a black hoodie, black pants and light colored shoes.
The police welcomes further witness information.
Please contact the police if you have additional information.
Ackermann sprints to victory on the final leg of the Sibiu Tour.
Ackermann springs to victory in the last stage of the Sibiu Cycling Tour
Bicycling professional Pascal Ackermann has won his second stage victory at the 10th Sibiu Tour.
Cycling professional Pascal Ackermann battled his way to his second day of victory on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Cycling Tour.
The 26 year old Palatinate with the team Bora-Hansgrohe prevailed in the mass finish on the 109 kilometer long section with start and finish in Hermannstadt after he had won already a stage on Saturday.
The 26-year old Palatinate native from the Bora-Hansgrohe team persevered in the 109 km section starting and ending in Hermannstadt in a bunch sprint after he had already won a stage on Saturday.
Those were the third and fourth seasonal victories for Ackermann.
These were the third and fourth victories of the season for Ackermann.
His Austrian teammate Gregor Mühlberger is the leader In the overall standing.
His Austrian teammate Gregor Mühlberger won the overall standings.
In the morning the 26-year old had won the mountain time trial in a superior manner and thus taken the lead in the rankings.
The 26-year old decisively won the mountain times in the morning, taking the top in the list of rankings.
Only 104 drivers started the final stage in the evening.
Only 104 riders took to the starting line in the evening for the final stage.
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the uphill time trial.
No fewer than 18 starters fell victim to the time limit in the mountain times.
“I am really happy to begin the season new start with a victory”, Ackermann stated after his success on Saturday.
“I am really happy to begin the season restart with a victory,” Ackermann stated after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic”, said the 26-year old.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
300 meters before the finish line he had simply tightened his sprint, “and it worked perfectly.”
300 meters before the finish he just picked up his pace, “and it worked out perfectly.”
According to the UCI’s world federation all race participants and their accompanying team members had to undergo a Corona test before the start of the race.
According to the rules of the UCI world association, all riders and their companions underwent coronavirus tests six days before the race.
During the entire tour drivers and attendances were separated in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team as well as from the media.
During the entire tour, riders and supporters were separated from the organizational team and the media in isolated hygiene bubbles.
Spectators at the start and the finish were not admitted.
Spectators were not permitted at the start or finish.
Dispatch center gives instructions for layman resuscitation
Control center gave CPR instructions
Düsseldorf - A tragic accident near midday on Sunday in Düsseldorf-Garath.
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident in Garath on Sunday afternoon
A child (4) was suddenly lying lifeless while bathing in an apartment building.
In an apartment building, a child (4) suddenly lay lifeless in the water while having a bath.
According to the fire department, the distress call came shortly before 13h.
According to the fire service, the emergency call came in shortly before 1 p.m.
“Dispatch at headquarters immediately requested layman resuscitation,” a spokesman of the fire department said to BILD.
“A control center agent immediately gave CPR instructions,” a fire service spokesman told BILD.
The dispatched rescue team took over the resuscitation procedures shortly after.
When they arrived shortly afterwards, the paramedics took over the resuscitation efforts.
The child whose life was in danger was transported to the university hospital while receiving resuscitation.
Clinging to life and still receiving CPR, the child was taken to the university hospital.
The reason why it was unsuccessful is unclear.
It is unclear why he died.
The police registered it as a routine course of events following an accident.
The police have opened a routine investigation into the accident.
The spokesman of the fire brigade: “We are assuming a tragic accident occurred in the apartment.”
The fire service spokesman said, “We’re assuming that this was a tragic accident in the apartment.”
Nürnberg: Police intervene in an unauthorized tuning meetup with 700 vehicles and about 1,100 people.
Nuremberg: Unauthorized tuning rally - Police intervene, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and over 1,000 people showed up to a tuning meetup Saturday night in the parking lot of a furniture store.
Hundreds of cars and, at times, over 1000 people took part in a “tuning rally” on Saturday night in a furniture store car park.
The police have announced their intention to more strictly regulate such events.
The police carried out their threat to clamp down more severely on this type of event.
A large tuning meetup took place in a city south of Nürnberg this Saturday evening (25 July, 2020).
A large tuning rally was held on Saturday evening (25th July 2020) in south Nuremberg.
Many hundreds of vehicles took part.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to Mittelfranken Police, an increase presence of vehicles in the area of a large parking lot near a street in Ingolstadt was determined at 22:30h by Nürnberg Police.
According to the Central Franconia Police, at around 10:30 p.m. the Nuremberg Traffic Police noticed an increase in traffic in the area of a large car park in Ingolstädter Strasse.
That is why the police then carried out multiple vehicle inspections there.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
The police have only recently announced their intention to take stronger action against so-called “car posers”.
Only recently the police announced that they would take a firmer approach against so-called auto posers.
Illegal tuning meetup in Nürnberg: Only a small portion were from the ‘scene’
Illegal tuning rally in Nuremberg: Only a few from the “scene”
Authorities counted a max. of 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, according to police.
At its peak, the officers counted a good 700 vehicles and around 1100 people.
Only a small portion of those present were part of the “car poser” or the tuning scene.
However, only a small number of those present were categorized as “auto posers” or part of the tuning scene.
Apparently, the larger part of the pertinent scene complied with police appeals.
It seems that most people came to the scene after the police appeal.
Judging from the vehicles and persons who were found there, the overwhelming majority were simply curious spectators.
Judging from the vehicles and individuals present at the location, it is believed that most of them were curious bystanders.
In addition, the overwhelming majority of those present were complying with the relevant infection protection measures, especially by maintaining minimum distance and wearing a face mask.
Moreover, the majority of those present were complying with infection regulations, particularly observing minimum distances and wearing face coverings.
The control measures that took place there were finished around 1:00h.
The checks carried out at the location finished at around 1 a.m.
In total, the police found 10 vehicles who had the type of structural changes, which would invalidate their operating license.
In all, the officers identified 10 vehicles with modifications such that permission to operate them was withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles needed to be seized.
Four of these vehicles had to be impounded.
No car races
No car racing
There were no illegal car races.
No illegal car races took place.
“The Mittelfranken Police Headquarters will keep the incident in mind, thus leading to further, stronger enforcement measures, even in connection with spectators,” they said.
“The Central Franconia Police Headquarters will continue to bear the incident in mind and will continue to carry out checks, including in connection with the volume of curious bystanders,” it was stated.
The News5 agency spoke with Jürgen Schrödinger from the contracting towing company: “They all have beautiful rims, which we are not allowed to scratch,” Schrödinger said.
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger from the towing company that was involved, “They all have nice wheel rims, and we had to avoid scratching them,” said Schrödinger.
Special bands were used.
Special bands were used for that purpose.
The company needed to pay even closer attention not to cause damage, because the cars themselves are wider.
And because the cars are wider, the company had to take care that no damage was done.
“Young people should get their cars back unharmed in the end.”
“After all, the youngsters need to get their cars back unharmed”.
Numbers from the employment agency: 900 cases of suspected abuse of short-term work
Figures from the employment agency: 900 suspicious cases of abuse of short-time working hours
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) is pursuing about 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term work.
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) says it is investigating around 900 suspicious cases of abuse of short-time working benefits.
“Given the 888,000 companies who reported short-term work, that is an extremely small amount,” management board member for operations Daniel Terzenbach told the “Frankfurter Allgemeinen Zeitung”.
“With more than 880,000 companies reporting reduced working hours, this is an extremely low number,” board member Daniel Terzenbach, who is responsible for the operational business, told the “Frankfurter Allgemeinen Zeitung.”
When many companies suddenly applied for short-term work at the beginning of the corona crises, the BA needed to react quickly.
When a lot of companies suddenly applied for reduced working hours when the coronavirus crisis began, the BA had to respond quickly.
Normally the review process lasts up to three week.
The review normally takes up to three weeks.
“We didn’t have that kind of time available to us in this critical phase.
“We did not have that much time during this intense phase.
That is why we will look even more closely at the final accounts.
So we will therefore look at the final settlements all the more closely.
There will certainly still be more to come.
There will surely be more to come.
We are not naive about that and we have endurance”.
We are also not naive and have a lot of patience.”
The evidence of abuse often came from affected employees and unions.
Employees or trade unions concerned often reported the abuse.
The BA’s analytics software was then used to detect the patterns of abuse.
In addition, the BA uses analysis software to identify patterns of abuse.
The BA is preparing for a likely wave of insolvencies in Autumn, according to Terzenbach.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of bankruptcy in the fall.
“Will there be significantly more insolvencies then last year?
“Will there be significantly more bankruptcies than in the previous year?
The estimates are diverging from one another, but we are arming ourselves for a worst-case scenario and are already training our employees in the employment agency to process applications for insolvency money”.
Estimates differ, but we are preparing for the worst case scenario and are already training our employees at employment agencies how to process applications for insolvency payments.”
The numbers are still inconspicuous, said Terzenbach.
The numbers are still unremarkable,” said Terzenbach.
World heritage in Potsdam: Party in Neuen Garten dissolved
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party broken up in New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday night about 40 young people attended a party in the Neuen Garten.
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 adolescents were had a party in New Garden.
The assembly was dissolved at 20:48 in the evening by the precinct drivers of the foundation Prussian Palaces and Gardens (SPSG), informed the foundation at a PNN information request.
The gathering was broken up at 8:48 p.m. by the motorized patrol of the Prussian Palaces and Gardens Foundation (SPSG), the foundation said in response to PNN’s request.
The youths subsequently left the park.
The adolescents then left the park.
On Saturday evening some young people played Rugby in the Neuen Garten.
Then, on Saturday evening, a group of adolescents played rugby in New Garden.
The meadow was cleared by the precinct drivers, said SPSG spokesperson Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
The lawn was cleared by the motorized patrol, said SPSG spokesperson Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Illegal parties happen again and again in the parks.
There are frequently illegal parties in the parks
In the foundation’s parks there are repeated gatherings where the distance and hygiene rules according the Covid-19 directive are not being observed.
There are frequently gatherings in the foundation’s parks where the social distancing and hygiene rules of the Covid-19 contact ordinance cannot be maintained.
At the end of June there was a gathering of about 300 people in the park Babelsberg, a week later about 150 persons had a party in the Neuen Garten.
At the end of June, there was a party with about 300 people in Park Babelsberg, one week later about 150 people partied in New Garden.
Even without Corona directives the parks are being closed at nightfall.
Even without the coronavirus ordinance, the parks are closed when it gets dark.
Camping on the grassland is omitted according to park ordinance, there are only a few exceptions.
Camping on the lawns is prohibited according to the park ordinances, there are only a few exceptions.
The foundation keeps on complaining that visitors leave behind more and more garbage; this would destroy protected biotopes.
The foundation has long complained that visitors always leave behind trash and would destroy protected biotopes.
Illegal park parties have meanwhile reached other dimensions in Berlin.
In Berlin, illegal park parties have reached a new dimension.
About 5000 people attended an illegal techno-party in the night before Sunday in the Hasenheide in the district New Cologne.
In the Hasenheide park in the district of Neukölln, 5,000 people had an illegal techno party Saturday night.
The gathering was dissolved by the police.
The police broke up the party.
Austria: Mass tests after an outbreak at a tourist destination
Austria: Mass testing after coronavirus outbreak in tourist resort
Authorities have reacted to a corona outbreak in the beloved St. Wolfgang tourist destination in Upper Austria.
Authorities have responded to a coronavirus outbreak with hundreds of tests in the popular Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 48 according to the regional authorities in Linz.
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48, according to regional authorities in Linz.
More then 100 results were still pending in the evening.
By the evening, over 100 results were still outstanding.
Furthermore, many of the infected are young interns in the tourism industry and at least one tourist also tested positive.
They report that many of those infected are young interns in tourist businesses, though at least one holidaymaker had also tested positive.
Locals, guests and tourism workers are asked to remain in their dwellings Saturday evening.
Residents, guests and tourism personnel were asked to remain in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
Curfew was set at 23h.
An 11 p.m. curfew was set.
Bookings “have been cancelled here and there” the head of the Wolfgangsee tourism association Hans Wieser said to the dpa.
“There have been cancellations here and there,” the Head of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Association, Hans Wieser, told the dpa.
Individual guests have also left early.
A few guests had also departed early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination in Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays last year.
St. Wolfgang is the biggest tourist resort in Upper Austria, with over 400,000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season, just about a third of the guests are German.
In a normal season, around one third of visitors are German.
The first infections were made public on Friday.
The first infections were announced on Friday.
The head of district authorities, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the interns on Saturday, who have vacationed in multiple locals and could have been infected there.
On Saturday the head of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the interns, who had been partying in various bars and could have become infected there.
“We all liked to do that in our youth,” he said to the Ö1 radio broadcaster.
“We all enjoyed doing that when we were young,” he told the Ö1 radio station.
In any case, two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections.
However, two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections.
The tourism association started an informational campaign to increase awareness among younger employees about the dangers of Covid-19.
The Tourism Association initiated an information campaign to raise young employees’ awareness of the dangers of Covid-19.
Hundreds of employees, tourists and locals have been tested since Saturday.
Then, from Saturday, hundreds of staff, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
All guests who were in St. Wolfgang since the 15th of July have been contacted.
All visitors who had been to St. Wolfgang since 15th July were also contacted.
The breakout brought to mind the ski resort and party local Ishgl in Tirol, which was a center for the spread of Corona in all of Europe during the initial phases.
The outbreak is a reminder of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl in Tirol, which was a center for the spread of the virus throughout Europe in the initial phase of the pandemic.
More then 1,500 people in total are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
Over 1500 people, in all, are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
Concentrated points of infection are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Vienna and Upper Austria have particularly high levels of new infections.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for the champions league
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualify for Champions League
London (dpa) - The English soccer record champion Manchester United returns to the champions league after one year of absence.
London (dpa)- The English soccer record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year being absent.
The Red Devils secured the third place ranking on the last game day of the premier league through a 2:0 (0:0) victory over the direct competitor Leicester City.
The Red Devils secured the third ranking on the last day of play in the Premier League with a 2:0 (0:0) win against direct competitors Leicester City.
The Foxes must now be content with the European league because they got also passed by the FC Chelsea which qualified also for the king’s class with a fourth place ranking.
The Foxes now have to content themselves with the Europa League, because FC Chelsea passed them and qualified in fourth place for the Champions League.
Aston Villa could celebrate in the fight against the relegation.
Aston Villa can celebrate in the fight against relegation.
Manchester United took the lead through a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
Manchester United took the lead thanks to a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card against Leicester City in extra time Jesse Lingard scored for the final score(90 + 8).
After a red card for Leicester City during injury time, Jesse Lingard (90th + 8) scored the final goal.
Parallel to it won Chelsea, in the champions league round 16 opponent of the FC Bayern, thanks to Mason Mount (45 + 1) and Oliver Giroud (45 + 4) with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Chelsea, opponent to FC Bayern in the Champions League quarter finals, won in parallel thanks to Mason Mount (45th minute + 1) and Olivier Giroud (45th minute + 4) with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton Wanderers.
“That means a lot to me”, said coach Frank Lampard who finds himself also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach.
“This means a lot to me,” said trainer Frank Lampard, who is also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as the Chelsea coach.
From the Chelsea victory over Wolverhampton benefitted the Tottenham Hotspurs which passed the Wolves with a meager 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and which starts in the Europe League with a sixth place ranking.
Tottenham Hotspurs also benefitted from Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton, moving past Wolves with a meager 1:1 (1:0) victory at Crystal Palace and starting in sixth place in the Europa League.
Aston Villa won the long-distance duel against the FC Watford and the AGC Bournemouth but had to fear for its stay in the class for a long time at West Ham United.
Aston Villa won the standing battle with FC Watford and AFC Bournemouth, but were nervous about staying in the league when playing West Ham United.
The late lead by Jack Grealish (84th) was equalized promptly by Jarmolenko (85th).
The late lead by Jack Grealish (84th minute) was immediately equalized by Andrej Jarmolenko (85th minute).
However, the 1:1 (0:0) was enough because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The 1:1 (0:0) sufficed though, because Watford lost at Arsenal 2:3 (1:3).
The club which fired three coaches during the season descends to a lower class after five premier league years.
The club, which sacked three coaches this season, is being relegated after five years in the top league.
Exactly like Bournemouth that could save itself even with a 3:1 (2:1) at the FC Everton.
Just like Bournemouth, which couldn’t save itself with a 3:1 (2:1) win at FC Everton.
At the end one point was missing.
They were missing a point in the end.
The FC Liverpool which had secured the English championship already since the end of June also achieved a club record with a 3:1 (1:1) victory at Newcastle United.
FC Liverpool, which has already been crowned the English champion since the end of June, set a club record with a 3:1 (1:1) win at Newcastle United.
99 points are the highest score that the Reds ever achieved in a soccer season.
99 points is the most that the Reds have ever achieved in a single soccer season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp with his team only narrowly missed the points record in English soccer.
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team just narrowly missed the point record in English soccer.
The record is held by Manchester City with 100 points in the season 2017/18.
The record is held by Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/2018 season.
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute Virgil van Dijk (38th), Divock Origi (59th) and Sadio Mané (89th) turned the match in favor of Liverpool.
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38th), Divock Origi (59th) and Sadio Mané (89th minute) turned the tide for Liverpool on Sunday.
“For this great club it was an extraordinary season”, said scorer van Dijk after the game, “that should motivate us to defend the title.
“It was an exceptional season for this wonderful club,” said goal scorer van Dijk after the game, “this should spur us on to defend the title.
It will be difficult”.
It will be tough.”
The premier league bosses could also be content at the end.
The Premier League bosses may also be happy in the end.
Soccer schedules and operations in England were interrupted from March 13 to June 17 due to the Corona virus crisis.
Due to the coronavirus crisis, soccer in England was halted from March 13 to June 17.
In the meantime one discussed even a premature cancellation or a holding of the remaining games on neutral grounds.
In between, there was even talk of ending the season early or playing the rest of the games on neutral territory.
Finally, the season could however be completed without special occurrences - but like in Germany without spectators in the stadiums.
Ultimately, however, the season was played out to the end without incident - although, like in Germany, without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanjahu.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against head of government Netanjahu become more frequent.
Protests in Israel against the government head Netanyahu are becoming more intense.
Violent confrontations occurred last night.
There were violent clashes overnight.
The Israeli police acted forcibly against participants of a demonstration against the right-conservative head of government Benjamin Netanjahu during the night before Sunday.
The Israeli police took violent action against participants of a demonstration against the right-wing conservative head of government Benjamin Netanyahu Saturday night in Jerusalem.
Twelve people had been arrested due to participation in unrest, informed police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld.
Two people were arrested for their participation in the unrest, according to police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld.
Among others the police used water guns to dissolve the rally.
The police used water cannons, among other things, to break up the demonstration.
According to media reports altogether around 6000 people had come together near Netanjahu’s official residence on Saturday evening.
According to media reports, around 6,000 people in total gathered near Netanyahu’s official residence on Saturday night.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanjahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
They were protesting against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the coronavirus crisis.
The protesters beat drums, used trumpets and demanded Netanjahu’s resignation.
The protestors beat drums, blew horns and called for Netanyahu to resign.
As the news site “ynet” reported participants of a counter demonstration which supported Netanjahu were also arrested.
Participants of a counter-demonstration who supported Netanyahu were also arrested, reports the news site “ynet.”
In many other locations in Israel people demonstrated, among others, in front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including in front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
According to police a man was arrested near Tel Aviv since he is suspected to have sprayed pepper spray from a moving car on demonstrators at the roadside.
According to police information, a man was arrested near Tel Aviv, because he was suspected of spraying pepper spray on demonstrators on the edge of the street out of a driving car.
Another man was arrested in the south of the country after a knife attack on a demonstrator.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly hurt in the neck area.
The demonstrator suffered a minor neck injury.
Previously there were several demonstrations against Netanjahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
There have been multiple demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv recently.
The rallies accompany the corruption trial against the head of government.
The demonstrations are accompanying the corruption trial against the head of the government.
Finally, Netanjahu was also criticized for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Netanyahu has also been recently criticized for his handling of the coronavirus crisis.
He is accused, among others, for hasty easing of lockdowns and an insufficient preparation of a second Corona wave.
Among other complaints, he has been criticized of loosening restrictions too soon and not being well-prepared for a second wave of the coronavirus.
The Corona crisis has significantly hurt the country’s economy.
The coronavirus crisis has severely impaired the country’s economy.
Lately, the unemployment rate was at 20 percent.
The unemployment rate was most recently at more than 20 percent.
The number of new infections with the Corona virus in Israel increased most recently to always new record figures.
The number of new infections of coronavirus in Israel has recently risen to new records.
Accident in Ahlen (NRW ) - A van runs into a car - nine are injured - Ruhr Valley - bild.de
Accident near Ahlen (North Rhine Westphalia) - Van crashes into car - nine injured - Ruhr - Bild.de
Ahlen - A traffic accident lead to nine lightly wounded people on Saturday afternoon on the B58 in Ahlen.
Ahlen - A rear-end collision left nine people with minor injuries on Saturday afternoon on the B58 near Ahlen.
A driver was traveling with her two children (3,5) in the direction of Beckum.
A woman was driving towards Beckum with her two children (3 and 5).
Police: “Apparently she suddenly braked because she wanted to turn.”
According to police, “She probably braked suddenly because she wanted to turn off”.
A driver of a Mercedes van, who was driving behind her, seems to have noticed too late.
The driver of a Mercedes van who was behind her spotted it too late.
He crashed into the back of the car.
He smashed into the rear of the car.
Following the accident, three passengers in the car and six passengers in the van were lightly injured.
The three occupants of the car and the six in the van received minor injuries in the accident.
Multiple rescue vehicles brought them to a nearby hospital.
Several ambulances took them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea isolated a border town after Corona suspected case.
North Korea closes off border city after suspected coronavirus case
Up to now North Korea saw “brilliant success” in its own measures defending against the Corona virus.
North Korea views its own measures to protect against the coronavirus as a “gleaming success.”
Now the country reports for the first time about a suspected case.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Because of a first official Corona suspected case in the country North Korea cordoned off an entire major city fearing a catastrophe.
Due to a first official suspected case of coronavirus in the country, North Korea has completely shut down a major city out of fear of a disaster.
Despite strict epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months “the evil virus could have been brought in into the country”, reported the state media.
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months, “the virulent virus was still able to make its way into the country,” reports the state media.
The state of emergency was declared for the region around the border town Kaesong.
A state of emergency has been called for the region around the border city of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership raised the highest alert level.
The communistic government rang the highest alarm level.
If the suspected case is confirmed it would be the first official case of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the sealed off country.
If the suspected case is confirmed, it would be the first official case of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country.
Up to now and according to its own indication North Korea had not registered a single infection and described its defensive measures a “splendid success”.
According to its own statements, North Korea has so far not registered any infections, and has described its defensive measures as a “gleaming success.”
This information was doubted overseas.
The statements have been doubted abroad.
According to reports the symptoms were detected in a ‘runaway’ who had crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on July 19.
According to the reports, symptoms of the illness were found in a “runner” who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on July 19.
The person had defected to South Korea three years ago and had now returned across the borders.
The person defected to South Korea three years ago and has now returned over the border.
So far there was no confirmation from South Korea about the border crossing within the four kilometer wide and largely still mined military buffer zone.
South Korea initially has given no confirmation of the border crossing within the military buffer zone that is four kilometers wide and is still mostly covered with land mines.
However, according to reports by the national news agency Yonhap South Korea’s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea were rather high.
According to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, South Korea’s military considers the possibility of an illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
Some people would be investigated in that regard.
There are ongoing investigations of several people.
According to own reports North Korea summoned an emergency meeting of the politburo of the Labor Party chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un.
According to its own statements, North Korea called an urgent meeting of the workers’ party politburo, chaired by leader Kim Jong Un, regarding the suspected case on Saturday.
The “perilous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe”.
The “dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive disaster.”
It is further reported that Kim had ordered already on Friday - as preventive measure - “to block Kaesong completely and isolate every district and the entire region from others”.
Kim already arranged “to completely block off Kaesong and isolate every district and the region from each other as a preventative measure,” it continues.
The respective person as well as all other people in Kaesong who were in contact this person had been quarantined.
The affected person, as well as all people in Kaesong who may have had contact with this person, have been placed under quarantine.
The party’s military committee should thus investigate the ‘runaway case’ as well as the behavior of the responsible military unit and, if need be, apply severe punishment.
According to this, the party’s central military commission is set to investigate the “runner case” and the behavior of the responsible military unit, as well as possibly imposing strict punishments.
About 300000 people live in Kaesong according to estimates.
According to estimates, approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Tensions before the council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still up for debate before the long summer break.
Tension before council meeting: East of the city and noise protection are up for discussion before the big summer break
“Beside environmental concerns the members of the board must vote - among others - on the development plan for the major project Inner City Development-East”, it states rather casually in the midsection of the city’s press release referring to the next local council meeting on Tuesday, July 28, at 16:30 in the large hall of the Congress Center in Pforzheim.
“In addition to environmental topics, the committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project of the inner city east development,” states the middle section of the city’s press release for the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday, July 28, at 4:30 p.m. in the large hall of the Congress Centrum Pforzheim.
Especially the appreciation of the Eastern part of the city will be controversy discussed till the end.
However, the betterment of the eastern side of the city remains a bitter discussion to the very end.
The majority for that is tight, most recently even dismissive in the various committees depending on the members present.
The majority being in favor is tight, most recently even being rejected in individual committees, depending on attendance.
An appeal from the economy (construction, real estate, trade and IT) to not let the project fail now after almost ten years of preparation, a project that came straight from the citizens and that was developed by administration and local council; this appeal was criticized by project opponent Reinhard Klein as “extra-parliamentary opposition”, “clueless”, “speculation”, slander” and “conscious false statements”.
An appeal from the economy (construction, real estate, trade and IT) not to let the project, which was developed from the citizens and then by the administration of the municipal council, fail after nearly ten years of preparation was criticized by project critic Reinhard Klein as “extra-parliamentary opposition,” “naive,” “speculation,” “denigration” and “deliberate false statements.”
“They all think they know better”, so Klein who is a member of the local council for one year as the lone representative of the Citizen’s List Pforzheim.
“Everyone thinks they know better,” says Klein, who has been part of the municipal council for a year as the only representative from the citizens’ party ticket of Pforzheim.
In fact, he would be in this position after he had read the contracts: “I know what I am talking about”.
In fact, he said this was his position after reading the contracts: “I know what I am talking about.”
The withdrawal would be cheaper for the city, the Technical City Hall could be renovated for 8.5 million Euro contrary to statements from the city administration, namely after grants, which are real in my view.
Abandoning the project would be cheaper for the city - contrary to the city administration’s statements, the technical city hall could be renovated for EUR 8.5 million with grants, the existence of which Klein is convinced of.
The city would develop in totally different ways, different from what they forecast in city hall and from what is said by economics.
The city will develop very differently than predicted in the town hall and by the advocates from the local economy.
The city must grow through its own strength and not through investors. That would be his plan B. One day after Klein the FDP/FW/UB/LED fraction, which also dismisses the project, presented an alternative concept.
Designing the city on our own and not by an investor: That’s his plan B. One day later, Klein presented an alternative concept to the FDP/FW/UB/LED faction, who also rejected the project.
It stipulates essentially also the renovation of the Technical City Hall, the keeping open of the Schlossberg, the leasing of the Ex-Thales for administrative areas and a small-scale redesign of the inner city ideally with local public sponsors.
It essentially also provides for the renovation of the technical city hall, keeping the Schloßberg open, renting out the former Thales for administrative space, and a smaller inner city redesign in an ideal case with local providers.
Environmental concerns play a central role.
Environmental topics play a key role
Beside that environmental concerns will in particular play a central role.
In addition, environmental issues play a key role here.
Therefore, the local council will, among others, vote on a noise protection action plan.
That is why the municipal council will also vote on the noise abatement plan.
This plan contains diverse measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from health related noise pollution caused by road traffic - some of the measures are speed reductions.
This includes various measures to protect the Profzheim population against harmful noise caused by road traffic, including many speed reductions.
In a press release the local automobile club Germany welcomed the introduction to a speed limit of 30 km/h. The politicians responsible in the city are not free of blame that it had to come to that because they neglected the public bus service with reduced cycle times and because they showed little interest in building up bicycle lanes - all that lead to a massive increase of the car traffic and thus contributed to the increased noise, stated the VCD.
In a press release, local Verkehrsclub Deutschland [local chapter of German traffic club] welcomes the widespread introduction of a 30 km/h speed limit. City policy makers are partly to blame that this must be introduced, because they neglected the urban bus traffic with thinned out routes, and were not committed to bicycle traffic so that it lead to a massive increase in car traffic and therefore the noise level, says the Verkehrsclub Deutschland.
The local council will also vote on the city’s participation in the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim/Entkreis.
The municipal council will also vote on the city’s participation in the energy and climate protection agency of Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Also on the agenda is the accession to the environment protection pact of the State Baden-Württemberg, the new adjustment of parental contributions to the city’s children day care centers and the application for entry in the Federal smart-city-support program.
In addition, entry into the climate protection pact of the state of Baden-Württemberg, redefining parental contributions to city daycare centers, and the application to be included in the federal government’s Smart City funding are all on the agenda.
Citizens are welcome but must comply with Corona protection measures.
Citizens are welcome, but must take a coronavirus protective measures.
Tim Zimmermann starts into the season with a great delay
Tim Zimmermann is starting the new season with a big delay
Tim Zimmermann starts in his premier season in the ADAC GT Masters on July 31 with a delay of almost half a year.
With almost a half of a year delay, Tim Zimmermann is starting his debut season in ADAC GT Masters on July 31.
Before the league of super sports cars can start regular operations the first test drives were scheduled.
Before the supercar league can resume regular operations, the first test runs must be performed.
For Zimmermann it was first of all about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 much closer.
For Zimmermann, this was primarily about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 better.
The Corona crisis prevented for a long time that Tim Zimmermann could tackle his first official test drive in his new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
The coronavirus has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from being able to take his first drive in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This was possible now under special hygiene conditions.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23 year old from Langenargen spun his first rounds at the Lausitzring and could get a feel for his premiere in the GT3 car.
The 23-year-old Langenargen native drove his first laps on the Lausitzring and was able to get comfortable on his debut in the GT3 car.
“There are indeed a few things that differ from the Porsche of the previous season”, says Zimmermann.
“There are a few things that are different than with the Porsche from last season,” says Zimmermann.
“With the ABS one must for example take curves quite differently.
“You can corner differently with the ABS, for example.
But I had really great fun with it”.
But it was really a ton of fun.”
Zimmermann had also fun with Steijn Schothorst with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst with whom he will share his orange sportscar in the GT Masters.
The man from the Netherlands is quite experienced in the GT sport despite his young age of 25 years and he could help his new teammate with many things.
The Dutchman is already experienced in the GT sport, despite only being 25 years old, and was able to help his new team colleague with many things.
“I am not at all a beginner in motor sports but each new series brings along new challenges”, says Zimmermann.
“I’m not a beginner at motor sports, but every new series also brings new challenges with it,” says Zimmermann.
“Steijn and I understand one another splendidly and at the Lausitzring we enormously progresses from season to season”.
“Steijn and I get along wonderfully and we’ve made tremendous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session.”
Exactly there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also complete its first race.
The GT Masters will also have its first race here, at the Lausitzring.
From July 31 on the 33 super sports cars will race through the Lausitz.
33 supercars will race through the Lausitz on July 31.
Zimmerman who is one of the 15 series newcomers does, however, know the race track.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 series newbies, knows the track though.
Last time in 2015 he was guest in the motodrom.
In 2015, he was a guest at the Motodrom.
“It worked very fast and I had little problems adjusting to the track”, says Zimmermann who starts for the Friedrichshafen race collective Graf Zeppelin.
“It worked quickly and I had to get used the track a little,” says Zimmermann, who raced for the Friedrichshafen racing team Graf Zeppelin.
“The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you must meet perfectly in order to be fast”.
“The Lausitzring has a lot of fast passages that you have to hit perfectly to be fast.”
How really fast Zimmermann will be that remains to be seen in two weeks.
We’ll find out in two weeks how fast Zimmermann actually is.
“All teams play poker a bit when testing”, he says.
“The teams of course push their luck a bit on the tests,” he says.
“In conclusion we are very satisfied and we are looking forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring”.
“Ultimately, though, we are very satisfied and are looking forward to the first weekend on the Lausitzring.”
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a very busy schedule.
The race in Brandenburg will be the kick-off to a tightly-packed calendar.
Until the beginning of November seven races are planned.
There are seven races on the docket by early November.
Current status is that no spectators will be allowed - but there will be a prominent guest.
Currently no spectators are allowed - but there will be one prominent guest.
Mid August at the Nürburgring ex-Formula-1-pilot Niko Hülkenberg will also grab a GT steering wheel.
In mid-August on the Nürburgring, ex-Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will take the GT wheel.
British secretary of traffic caught off guard by quarantine decision
British traffic minister caught with his pants down by quarantine decision
The decision of the British government to quarantine Spain vacationers after their return for two weeks had caught the country’s secretary of traffic off guard, according to press reports.
The decision of the British government to place Spanish vacationers under quarantine for two weeks after their return has caught the traffic minister of the country with his pants down according to press reports.
According to that, Grant Shapps is currently on vacation of all things in Spain while his colleagues at home decided the measure on Saturday.
According to the reports, Grant Schapps is currently on vacation in Spain, while his colleagues at home decided the measure on Saturday.
Because of the re-increasing numbers of Corona infections the cabinet in London removed Spain from the list of those countries from where an entry was possible without quarantine restrictions.
Due to the coronavirus numbers in Spain rising again, the cabinet in London struck the country from the list of countries you can return from without going into quarantine.
The new ruling is valid from today, Sunday, and thus Shapps has to be also quarantined after his return.
The new regulation goes into effect today, which means Schapps needs to go into quarantine after his return.
The Austrian government decided also on quarantine measures for returnees.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for those returning from vacation.
But their ruling applies to those who are only just on the effective day on vacation, only from Saturday August 1 on, and it was not introduced over night.
But the regulation applies to those who are on vacation starting on the cut-off date, which is Saturday August 1, and it was not introduced overnight.
By the way, up to now Spain is considered in Austria as one of the “secure countries” for which no quarantine is necessary in Austria.
Incidentally, Austria has considered Spain as one of the “safe countries” to date, and does not require any quarantine upon returning to Austria.
“Numerous secretaries probably knew in advance that there is a possibility that a quarantine is issued for Spain vacationers”, commented the Labor representative Diane Abbot.
“Countless ministers must have known in advance that it was possible that a quarantine would be imposed for people vacationing in Spain,” commented the Labor representative Diane Abbot.
“However, nobody took the trouble to inform Grant Shapps about it”.
“But apparently no one made the effort to tell Grant Schapps.”
Just one month after the end of the Corona state of emergency in Spain and the expiration of the strict curfew the infection numbers in the country are increasing again.
Less than a month after the end of the coronavirus state of emergency in Spain and the expiration of the strict lockdown, the number of infections in the country is rising again.
Virologists make the nightlife responsible for the anew spreading.
Virologists are pinning the recent spread on night life above all.
Spain is one of Britain’s most favorable country.
Spain is one of the most popular vacation countries among Brits.
Currently, the British government discourages from unnecessary travels to the Spanish mainland, except for the Canary and Balearic Islands which are especially favored by British vacationers.
The British government is advising against traveling to the Spanish mainland unless necessary, excluding the Canary Islands and Balearic Islands, which are particularly popular among British tourists.
So far 272.000 infections with the new Corona virus and more than 28000 deaths have been reported in Spain.
To date, more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain.
Russia: Day of the Marines: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for battleships
Russia: Navy Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for warships
The Russian president Vladimir Putin announced that battleships will be equipped with state-of-the-art, hypersonic weapons.
On Navy Day in his country, Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that warships will be equipped with the latest hypersonic weapons.
The battle options of the Russian navel forces has been expanded with the addition of these advanced weapons, Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central Marine Parade.
These weapons, a world first, would increase the Russian naval forces’ fighting options, said Putin in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central navy parade.
The defense minister further informed the Interfax Agency about successful tests of the hypersonic rocket Zirkon, which was built for the marines.
Afterwards the Defence Ministry also notified the Interfax agency that the Zirkon hypersonic missiles built for the navy had been tested successfully.
The hypersonic weapons run at a multitude of the speed of sound of about 343 meters per second.
The hypersonic weapons have a speed of around 343 meters per second, many times faster than the speed of sound.
They are weapons of the future.
They are regarded as weapons of the future.
Underwater torpedoes have also been further developed
Development of underwater torpedo continues
There is apparently also further development on the Poseidon underwater torpedo-system, which can carry nuclear pay loads.
It is said that the Poseidon underwater torpedo, to which atomic warheads can be fitted, is still being developed.
The planned sea drone is designed for destroying costal targets.
The planned underwater drone is aimed at destroying coastal targets.
The president, who also arrived on a military vessel, said that 40 new ships were put into operation by the individual navel units of the largest country on earth in this year alone.
The President, who also rode in a military boat, said that in this year alone, 40 new ships would come into service for the largest country in the world’s various naval units.
Russia has the largest costal region in the world.
Russia has a larger coastal area than any other country in the world.
The marines have reliably protected Russia for 300 years, Putin said on this day celebrated by sailors across the country.
The navy has reliably protected Russia for 300 years, said Putin on the day celebrated by sailors throughout the country.
The navel forces accompanied the Day of the Marines with parades in many other Russian costal locations.
Naval forces at many other Russian coastal locations also celebrated the day with parades.
In Syria, where Russia has fought on the side of the ruler Baschar al-Assad, the military demonstrated its strength with a weapons show in the Mediterranean harbor of Tartus.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting beside ruler Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated its strength with a weapons display in the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Rounds was also fired off there.
Shells were also fired there.
In one of the videos, which was published by the Ministry of Defense, there were not only battleships, including a submarine, but also armed helicopters and fighter jets.
In a video released by the Defense Ministry, not only warships, including a submarine, were visible, but also combat helicopters and jets.
Hurricane “Hanna” reaches Texas. Providing help impeded due to Corona
Hurricane “Hanna” reaches Texas: Aid impeded by coronavirus
Washington - The first Hurricane of this year’s season over the Atlantic made landfall in Texas.
Washington - The first hurricane of the season over the Atlantic has made landfall in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds and heavy rain now threatened parts of the US state, reported the National Hurricane Center of the US Climate Agency NOAA in the night before Sunday (local time).
Life-threatening flooding, strong winds and heavy rainfall are now threatening parts of the US state, announced the National Hurricane Center of the US climate authority NOAA Saturday night (local time).
Governor Greg Abbott declared the state of emergency for numerous districts.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for numerous counties.
The Corona epidemic that rages in Texas, would impede the work of helpers, continued Abbott according to US media reports.
The coronavirus pandemic raging in Texas made work difficult for aid workers, Abbott said, according to US media.
Evacuated people were warned to be careful.
Evacuees told to be cautious
“Every hurricane poses an enormous challenge”, said Abbott according to the newspaper “Houston Chronicle”.
“Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge,” Abbott said according to the newspaper “Houston Chronicle.”
Glancing at the hurricane in Texas, he added: “This challenge is complicated and will still be intensified when one considers that the hurricane races through an area of the state that is hit hardest by the Corona-19 crisis”.
With regard to the hurricane in Texas, he added: “This challenge is complicated and is exacerbated when you consider that it is sweeping through an area that is the most heavily hit by Covid-19 in the state.”
According to reports from the Johns-Hopkins-University, so far 5000 people have died in Texas alone due to the Corona epidemic.
According to Johns-Hopkins University, around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
Abbott told the people who had to leave their homes to be careful.
Abbott called on people who had to leave their homes to be cautious.
They should not disregard practices - like wearing masks - “which they got used to”, said the governor according to the station CBS.
They should observe practices “that we have gotten used to,” such as wearing masks, said the governor according to the channel CBS.
It would be important that all keep social distances.
It is important that everyone maintains social distance.
Therefore, in some locations hotel rooms had been provided.
That is why hotel rooms have also been provided in some locations.
Beside that, Corona testing should be performed in emergency shelters.
In addition, coronavirus testing is to be performed in emergency lodging.
Hurricane damages had so far only be reported from the coastal town Port Mansfield.
Damage was initially only reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning was cancelled
Storm warning retracted again
According to official information “Hanna” had made landfall with wind speeds of up to 150 km/h on Padre Island directly in front of the Texan coast.
With wind speeds of up to 150 km/h, “Hanna” made landfall on Padre Island right in front of the Texan coast, according to authorities.
Before that the tropical storm was classified as hurricane of the lowest level one.
The tropical storm was upgraded to the lowest level hurricane just before this.
For the coastal regions Port Mansfield up to Sargent a storm surge warning had been issued which had been taken back later.
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm surge warning was initially issued and then later retracted.
Authorities expected a weakening while “Hanna” would travel further inland and take course to Mexico’s northeast.
Authorities expected the storm to weaken as “Hanna” moves further inland and head towards northeastern Mexico.
“Douglas” moves towards Hawaii
“Douglas” moves towards Hawaii
Hurricane “Douglas” was on its way in the Pacific Ocean with wind speeds of 150 km/h in the direction of Hawaii in the night before Sunday.
In the Pacific, hurricane “Douglas” was on the move Saturday night at wind speeds of around 150 km/h heading towards Hawaii.
However, the hurricane center expected that this hurricane would weaken.
The Hurricane Center, however, expected the hurricane to weaken further.
Due to the forecast the hurricane should be near the largest island of Hawaii on Sunday (local time) - then as a storm just below hurricane strength.
Models predict it should be near to the largest Hawaiian island on Sunday (local time) - but then it will be a storm, just before the hurricane threshold.
According to a forecast in May the NOAA expected an above average hurricane season over the Atlantic this year.
NOAA expected a more active hurricane season over the Atlantic than average this year, according to a forecast from May.
From June to the end of November one would have to reckon with up to ten hurricanes, up to six could become very strong hurricanes, explained authorities.
Up to ten hurricanes are expected from June to the end of November, six of which could become very strong, authorities stated.
On average there are about six hurricanes over the Atlantic per year, three of them develop to storms of immense strength.
On average, there are six hurricanes over the Atlantic per year, while three of them develop into severe storms.
Based on available climate data and the higher water temperatures in the Atlantic and the Caribbean the probability of a normal season would be only at 30 percent, the of an below average season only at ten percent, it was then stated.
Given the available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the probability of a normal season is only 30 percent and the probability of a below-average season is just 10 percent, information says.
US President Trump wrote on Twitter that his government observed the storms very closely and would be in contact with the respective federal states.
US president Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his administration was observing the storms closely and he is in contact with the affected states.
Four goals were annulled: Video assistant “punishes” Sassuolo
Four goals denied: Video Assistant Referee “penalizes” Sassuolo
Sassuolo’s Filip Djuricic was even denied two goals.
Sassuolo’s Filip Djuricic was denied two goals
Naples - Four goals scored - four goals denied: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a pitch black day with a 0:2 (0:1) defeat at SSC Naples in the Italian soccer league series A - and was really upset with the video assistant of the referees.
Naples - Four goals scored, four goals denied: Sassuolo Calcio had a dark evening with 0:2 (0:1) at the SSC Naples in the Italian soccer league Serie A - and was really mad at the VAR.
“A festival of denied goals for Sassuolo.
“A festival of disallowed goals for Sassuolo.
Never before did the VAR decide against a team so hard”, commented the “Corriere dello Sport”.
VAR has never been so hard on a team,” commented the “Corriere dello Sport.”
Host Naples had taken the lead through a goal by full-back Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in the 32nd minute celebrated Filip Djuricic initially the equalizer.
Host Naples took the lead in the 8th minute with a goal from wing back Elseid Hisaj, in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic initially celebrated the equalizer.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) annulled the goal because of offside position.
The video assistant referee (VAR) withdrew the goal due to an offside position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again into the net - the VAR intervened again.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot the ball into the back of the net again - and again the VAR intervened.
Also goals by forward Francesco Caputo (50th) and Domenico Berardi (61st) were denied by the referee team after consulting with the VAR.
The goals from striker Francesco Caputo (50th minute) and Domenico Berardi (61st minute) were withdrawn by the team of referees at the VAR’s instruction.
In extra time Allan made the 2:0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
During injury time, Allan shot the final 2:0 score for Naples, cementing the bitter evening for Sassuolo.
“The VAR is for Sassuolo worse than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no other team before.
“VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no other team before.
The new technology writes records”, commented the “Gazzetta dello Sport”.
The new technology set records,” writes the “Gazzetta dello Sport.”
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start in the hot preparation phase for the Champions League began for double winner FC Bayern with a setback.
Munich (dpa) - Initial preparations for the Champions League began with a blow for two-time winner FC Bayern.
Hansi Flick, “somewhat well” recovered after a short vacation and a few days of training must - after the first team training - already think about how he can restructure his successful defense after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard.
Hansi Flick, who had recovered “relatively well” after a short vacation and few training days, must already be wondering after the first team training how he can rebuild his successful defense after the injury to world champion Benjamin Pavard.
The Frenchman, who featured the third most minutes of use behind captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Joshua Kimmich, suffered a ligament injury on the left tarsal and will possibly miss decisive duels in the king’s class.
The Frenchman, who has the third-most play time behind captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Joshua Kimmich, suffered a torn ligament on his left tarsal and could miss crucial top class duels.
The right-back aborted a practice game in the Munich foul weather and left the field on a golf cart.
In the lousy Munich weather, the right defender broke off a training game and was carted off the field.
For how long the unlimited regular player must pause in the fight about titles remains open.
It remains to be seen how long the unrestricted regular player will have to take off from the battle for the title.
His use in the second round return match against the FC Chelsea on August 8 is hardly possible, the 24 year old player may hope for his use in the final tournament in Lisbon beginning on August 12.
It will be tough to play in the quarter finals against FC Chelsea on August 8, but the 24 year old can hope for the final tournament starting in Lisbon on August 12.
However, the Bayern let this misfortune from the practice field on Sunday stop them.
But Bavarians don’t want be stopped from training by the bad luck on Sunday.
Flick named the three attributes in his personal triple formula that he expects from his stars on the way to the Portuguese capital.
Flick named the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on the way to the Portuguese capital in his personal triple formula.
Quality, intensity and concentration his hungry for victory title collectors ought to display ideally in the subsequent 28 days until the final game of the king’s class on August 23.
His hungry for victory title-winners should demonstrate quality, intensity and concentration on the (ideally) 28-day route to the top class final game on August 23.
“We have simply brilliantly mastered the obligatory tasks with championship and cup final.
“Quite simply, we have excellently mastered the necessary tasks for the Championship and the Cup.
Now it is time to still achieve the very special”, said Flick.
Now it’s time to do something special,” says Flick.
However, before the Munich team can focus on the final tournament, and prior to that a training camp on the Algarve, the round of sixteen obligation against the FC Chelsea is lined up.
But before the Munich team can start to specifically think about the final tournament and a training camp on the Algarve before that, they first have to face FC Chelsea in the quarter finals.
After the 3:0 victory in the first leg game before the Corona break the London club should not become another Bayern nightmare again such as in the lost “Final at home” in 2012.
After the 3:0 in the first leg before the coronavirus break, the Londoners may not again become a Bavarian nightmare in the home arena like in the lost “Finale Dahoam” [final at home] in 2012.
“First, we have to go through the door.
“First we have to walk through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and fuel our confidence with a good game”, demanded Flick.
We want to win, create good conditions and fill up our confidence with a good game,” requires Flick.
A test for fine-tuning is lined up against Olympique Marseille on Friday.
They will be tested on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
Flick had sworn his stars with a long speech to an unique August after the team had a 13 day vacation after winning the double.
In a long speech, Flick committed his stars, who had 13 days off after the double, to a unique August.
He greeted 31 players at the Säbener Straße, among them the new players around special purchase Leroy Sané who met all new colleagues on the field for the first time after his transfer from Manchester City.
He welcomed 31 players to Säbener Straße, including precious addition Leroy Sané, who was meeting all his new colleagues on the field after switching from Manchester City.
“Leroy, like all the other new ones, has fir in very well”, reported Flick.
“Leroy has fit in well like all new guys,” reported Flick.
But instead to talk about the new season when Sané & co. are not only participants in diverse practice units Flick prefers to talk about the current title project of the German serial champion.
But instead of talking about the new season when Sané and company will no longer be able to just train, Flick preferred to talk about the current title project of the German series champions.
After day of individual and small group practices one trains now as a team for the game against Chelsea which is in game rhythm contrary to the Flick ensemble.
After days of training individually and in small groups, they will now train as a full team to prepare for the Londoners, who unlike Flick’s ensemble are already in the game rhythm.
After that the FC Bayern may face a quarterfinal against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, in the semi-final Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin are possible opponents.
After that, the Munich team could face a quarter final against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, and in the semi-finals the possible opponents are Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin.
A way to the final in Lisbon “is not that easy”, emphasized the head coach who can rely on the practice services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose, starting on Tuesday.
The path to the final in Lisbon “is not that easy,” emphasized the head coach, who can rely on the services of his new assistant-in-training Miroslav Klose, starting on Tuesday.
The world champion record scorer Klose and Flick know about some common tournament preparation where the 0-to-100 percent atonement is so decisive.
The world championship record goal scorer and Flick know what matters when going from 0-100 from preparing for so many tournaments.
Working with his current team would be a “pleasure”, praised Flick.
With his current team, the work is “a delight,” praises Flick.
“Focusing on winning” is an impressive characteristic of his team.
The “focus on winning” is an impressive characteristic of his team.
At the tournament with teams of nine it really got down to business on Sunday.
They excitedly competed with nine-man teams on Sunday.
All top performers were present even the transfer-willing Thiago and full-back David Alaba whose remaining in the team is uncertain beyond the king’s class season.
All of the performers were there, including Thiago, who wants to leave, and defender David Alaba, who is not guaranteed to stay beyond the Champions League season.
The Formula 1 needs a special rule to elect its world champion.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to crown its world champion
Since the races cannot be driven on the requested number of continents the FIA must improvise when awarding the world championship title.
Since the required number of continents cannot be driven on, the FIA needs to improvise to award the world champion title.
All America races had been cancelled.
All American races have been cancelled.
The race schedule becomes more concrete.
The race calendar is becoming more concrete
The race schedule of the current Formula 1 season becomes clearer.
The race calendar for the current Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
During the week three more race tracks have been added to the so far ten confirmed Grand Prix races.
Three more race tracks were added this week to the ten confirmed Grand Prix so far.
In October one tends to also drive at the Nürburgring in Germany and in the Portuguese Portimao.
There will be races on the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portimão in Portugal in October.
On November first Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for world championship points at the Italian traditional racetrack in Imola.
On November 1, Lewis Hamilton and company will battle it out for world championship points on the traditional Italian route in Imola.
With that the race schedule for 2020 comprises 13 races according to the current information.
The 2020 race calendar includes 13 circuits as it stands.
“We are happy that we further progress very much when finishing our plans for the season 2020”, said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
“We are looking forward making further progress in setting our plans for the 2020 season,” said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
In this extraordinary season altogether 15 to 18 races were to be completed in the premium class of motor sport.
In total, 15 to 18 races should be completed in the elite class of motor sports in this unusual season.
The Formula 1 wants to finish its season in Asia.
Then Formula 1 will end its season in Asia.
The finalized race schedule should be fixated and published in the coming weeks.
The final race calendar should be set and published in the coming weeks.
According to media reports, races could happen in Vietnam and Malaysia by the end of November even before the officially planned races in Bahrein and Abu Dhabi.
Of the races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December that have already been homed in on, media reports state that there could also be races in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
The regulations demand races on three continents.
Rules require races on three continents
But the regulations for the Formula 1 request at least races on three continents for the awarding of the world championship.
The Formula 1 rules require at least one race on three continents to win the world championship.
Even when, as currently planned, races will be happening on only two continents there will be a world champion.
Even if, as currently planned, races can only be held on two continents, there needs to be a world champion.
With the help of a special rule the FIA wants to award the title calling on “extraordinary circumstances” due to the Corona virus epidemic.
The FIA wants to use a special rule to award the title, invoking “exceptional circumstances” due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had been cancelled on short notice due to the impending Corona crisis.
The traditional start of the season in Australia in March had to be cancelled at short notice due to the looming coronavirus crisis.
A return to this continent still in this year is out of question.
It won’t be possible to return to the continent this year.
Furthermore, the Formula 1 will not be guest in Marica in this year.
In addition, Formula 1 won’t be invited to America this year.
Cancellation finds criticism in Brazil.
Cancellation met with criticism in Brazil
The races in Canada, the USA, Mexico, and Brazil are cancelled due to the tightened Corona situation.
The races in Canada, the US, Mexico and Brazil will not take place due to the fraught coronavirus situation.
“We are happy to be with you again in the upcoming season”, explained Carey.
“We are looking forward to being with you again next season,” says Carey.
The cancellation of the America races was especially criticized in Brazil. “The cancellation did not come as a surprise for us but we cannot accept the reasons for it”, opined Tamas Rohonyi, promoter of the grand prix in Sao Paulo.
The cancellation of the American races was met with criticism above all in Brazil: “For us, the cancellation is not surprising, but we cannot accept the reasons for this,” said Tamas Rohonyi, promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
The infection numbers in the Sao Paulo region would be significant lower than in other regions of Brazil.
The infection rates in the São Paulo region are much lower than in other regions in Brazil.
The concern of some teams not wanting to drive in Brazil would not justify a cancellation.
Some teams’ concerns of not wanting to drive in Brazil would also not justify a cancellation.
One would be prepared for the requested security measures.
They are ready for the required safety measures.
Greta Thunberg: Evil eye against Donald Trump went around the world.
Greta Thunberg: Mad look at Donald Trump goes around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her encounter with the US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg spoke about her encounter with US president Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest via video in the well-known late-night show with Stephen Colbert and in her interview she shared what she was thinking when she encountered Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest on Stephen Colbert’s late night show via video chat and revealed in the interview what she was thinking when she met Donald Trump.
Climate activist Greta Thunberg was a guest via video connection in a popular US late-night show.
Climate activist Greta Thunberg was a guest on the popular US late night show via video chat.
Among others, she recalled her fight against the mightiest of the world.
Among other things, she spoke about her struggle against powerful people in the world.
The teenager also talked about her famous “evil eye” when she encountered Donald Trump.
The teenager also talked about her famous “mad look” during her encounter with Donald Trump.
New York City - In the past two years the climate activist Greta Thunberg drew attention with her tireless commitment for the “Fridays For Future” movement.
New York City - In the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has made a name for herself with her tireless efforts for the “Fridays For Future” movement.
Now she talked with a well-known late-night show about her plans for the future as well as her encounter with the then US President Donald Trump at the UN summit in the past year.
Now in a popular late night show, she spoke about her future plans as well as her encounter with the US president Donald Trump at the UN Climate Summit last year.
Late-night moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17 year old Thunberg in his program on Tuesday and had a lengthy interview with the Swede.
Late night moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year old Thunberg to his show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swede.
In the interview she not only talked about her fight against climate changes but also her conflict with the powerful ones of the world.
Not only did she talk about her fight against climate change, but also her conflict with the powerful in the world.
“There are things that surprised me”, she said.
“There are some things that surprised me,” she said.
“How far people will go to distract from the climate crisis”, that had her baffled.
“How far people go to distract from the climate crisis,” she stated.
“Everything from organized hate campaigns up to threats only because a group of children turn to protests”, she said she experienced.
She said she has experienced “everything from organized hate campaigns to threats, just because a group of kids take to the streets.”
Head of states and leading politicians that make fun of them in social media or even try to silence them she finds “funny” since their reactions show her “that they have no other answer to it”.
She thinks heads of state and leading politicians who make fun of her on social media or even try to silence her are “funny,” because their reactions show that “they don’t have any other response.”
Especially interesting it became at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was asked about a famous scene in which she had given Donald Trump the “evil eye”.
Things got particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was asked about a famous scene in which she threw a mean look at the US president Trump.
At the UN summit 2019 in New York for which the activist had sailed across the Atlantic Ocean her expressive glance was caught by the cameras and was viewed by innumerable people in the Internet since then.
At the UN Climate Summit 2019 in New York, for which the activist sailed across the Atlantic, her expressive look was captured by the cameras and has since been viewed by countless people on the Internet.
A GIF, an animated picture originated from the short clip that finally became one of the most frequently used images for Trump opponents.
A GIF was made of the short clip, which finally became one of the most used images for Trump opponents.
However, what had the 17 year old thought about the US President at that moment?
But what was the 17-year old thinking in this moment about the US president?
To the relatively open question by Stephen Colbert she answered short and dry: “To be honest I think that needs no further explanation”.
She only answered briefly and dryly to the question from Stephen Colbert, which she is asked often;: “To be honest, I don’t think you need an explanation.”
It seems, the experienced satirist Stephen Colbert didn’t expect this quick-witted answer and he disappeared for a moment out of sight, laughing.
The experienced satirist Colbert certainly wasn’t expecting the response and briefly disappeared from view laughing.
With her “How dare you” speech about the principles of climate protection she will be remembered by many at the climate conference.
Many at the climate conference will remember her for her “How dare you?” speech about the principles of climate protection.
Ex-Dortmunder Immobile with three-pack for Lazio Rome
Former Dortmund player Immobile scores hat trick for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is in the running for Europe’s Golden Shoe now in the same position as Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
In the race for Europe’s Golden Boot, Ciro Immobile is now level with Bayern’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmunder Ciro Immobile still has the best chance to be the top scorer in the Italian football championships.
Former Dortmund player Ciro Immobile still has a very good chance of being the top scorer in the Italian league.
The former BVB professional contributed three goals during the 5:1 (1:1) victory over Lazio Rome in Hellas Verona, two of which were penalty kicks in the extra time of both halves.
The one-time BVB star scored three in Lazio’s 5:1 (1:1) victory over Hellas Verona, including two penalties in additional time in each half.
In so doing, the 30 year-old from the 4th ranked team now has 34 season goals in the bank two games before the end of the season - that’s just as many as Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich had in the last Bundesliga season.
Now, with two games left in the season for the club who are currently fourth in the table, the 30 year old has 34 goals to his name- exactly as many as Robert Lewandowski scored last season in the Bundesliga for Bayern Munich.
Cristiano Ronaldo in Italy is following behind with 30 goals so far, the Portuguese superstar still meet with the leader on the evening at Sampdoria Genua.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo follows with 30 goals so far, the Portuguese superstar having scored for the league leaders in the evening against Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green has died
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green dies
His life was a roller coaster ride: Following a lighting-fast assent with Fleetwood Mac, he went into a steep fall and then came slowly back up again.
His life was like a roller coaster ride: after a swift ascent with Fleetwood Mac, things went sharply downhill and then slowly upwards again.
Now the blues rock guitarist Peter Green has died at the age of 73.
Now blues-rock guitarist Peter Green has died at the age of 73.
Great guitarist, drug addict, cult member: The co-founder of Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
Genial guitarist, junkie, cult follower: The co-founder of band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73, family members reported on Saturday in an official statement, a further statement was announced for the upcoming days.
He died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73, reported family members on Saturday in an official announcement, with a further announcement to come in the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton consider Green to be one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Leading musicians such as Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
In an emotional reaction, Mick Fleetwood spoke of a “monumental loss“ for all previous and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
In an emotional reaction, Mick Fleetwood spoke of a “monumental loss” for all former and current members of Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green founded the now legendary band in London in 1967, his dreamy instrumental hit “Albatross” remains unforgettable up into the current day.
Drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green founded the legendary group in London in 1967, and their dreamy instrumental hit “Albatross” has never been forgotten.
The life of the musician (“The End Of The Game”, “In The Skies”) was like a roller coaster ride.
The musician’s ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") life resembled a roller coaster ride.
Green experienced a lighting-fast rise as part of Fleetwood Mac, however, the band celebrated their greatest successes without him.
Green experienced a dramatic rise with Fleetwood Mac - but the group then enjoyed its greatest successes without him.
Among other factors, there were fights because Green wanted to donate the profits of the group to good causes.
It is said that one dispute occurred because Green wanted to donate all of the band’s earnings to good causes.
He started to appear in wide robes and with a giant crucifix.
He began to perform in flowing robes and with a large crucifix.
Mental-health issues also seemed to have played a role.
Psychological problems are also said to have played a part.
Green left in 1970 just three years after founding the band.
Green left the band three years after it was formed, in 1970.
A social descent followed.
A social decline followed.
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers report.
The blues-rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, biographers reported.
Green was treated in the psychiatric ward for a long time.
For a long time Green received psychiatric treatment.
The musician disappeared from the scene for a large part of the 1970s.
The musician vanished into thin air for a large part of the 1970s.
He supposedly lived on the street for a time, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent sometime in an Israeli kibbutz.
It is said that he sometimes lived on the streets, worked as a gardener in a cemetery, and spent some time on a kibbutz in Israel.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working-class family in the London borough of Bethnal.
Green was born in 1946, the son of a Jewish working-class family in the London district of Bethnal Green.
In his younger years he was already excited about US blues musicians like B.B. King and Muddy Waters.
Even when he was young he loved American blues musicians like B.B. King and Muddy Waters.
He learned his first guitar chords at eleven.
He learned his first guitar chords when he was eleven.
At 15 the teenager started to play professional guitar and got the chance five years later to stand on stage as the lead guitarist for the instrumental group Peter B’s Looners.
At the age of 15 the teenager began playing the guitar professionally and five years later he got the chance to take the stage as the lead guitarist for instrumental band Peter B’s Looners.
A little later he was working as the stand-in for his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreakers.
A little later he was hired by the Bluesbreakers as the replacement for his idol Eric Clapton.
In the middle of the Blues Boom, Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 together with his Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In the summer of 1967, in the middle of the blues boom, Green founded Fleetwood Mac along with his Bluesbreaker co-members Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
“Albatross”, a song composed by Green, ensured the group their first No.1 hit in the winter of 1968/1969 and catapulted them to the top of the British music scene.
The song “Albatross”, composed by Green, brought the group their first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968/69, and catapulted them to the top of the British music scene.
The quick accent showed its dark side quickly: Green did not deal with the media circus well and his experiments with the drug LSD got progressively more extreme.
But soon the rapid ascent showed its darker sides - Green was unable to cope with the media hype and his experiments with LSD grew increasingly extreme.
He commented later in an interview about his life between music and addiction: “The worst that happened to me in life was the drugs, the best was to land the no.1 hit”.
Later, in an interview, he commented on life between music and addiction, “The worst thing that has happened to me in my life is the drugs; the best was landing a number 1 hit”.
At the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising, respectable achievement in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Towards the end of the decade, in 1979, Green surprisingly had a notable success with an album inspired by religious themes.
Fleetwood Mac in the meantime floated on a wave of success in a new formation without him.
Meanwhile, without him, Fleetwood Mac were swimming on a wave of success with a new line-up.
The 1977 album “Rumours“ sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.
Their album “Rumours”, released in 1977, sold over 40 million copies worldwide.
In spite of small solo successes, Green never managed a great comeback, until he started anew in 1996 with a group of musician friends.
Despite various minor solo successes, Green did not achieve any major comeback until he started afresh with a group of his musician friends in 1996.
The British “Daily Telegraph” spoke at the time from a rockstar come back from the grave.
At the time, Britain’s “Daily Telegraph” spoke of a rock star that had come back down to earth.
Green released a few albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group before the band broke up in 2004.
Free of drugs, Green and the Peter Green Splinter Group released various albums before the band split up in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts during his lifetime, and an influential guitarist of past decades with his gentle sounds.
For music experts he was a blues legend even in his own lifetime - and with his gentle sound he was one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
