Bikers react fast and prevent worse
On Friday evening, a traffic accident took place on the road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction.
Driver Overlooks Biker
A 44-year-old car driver wanted to turn left on the road 1230 towards Machtolsheim at 21.30 a.m. with her VW from Merklingen.
It oversaw the 24-year-old, first-hand motorcyclist coming from Nellingen.
Hand and foot brake levers fly away during the collision
The biker tried to evade the car, but they were still striving at the rear of the vehicle.
The striping process was torn off at the Suzuki of the hand and foot brake levers and the driver was no longer able to slow down.
At the moment, he controlled his motorcycle in the green strips next to the train and let it roll out there without falling.
Bikers suffer injury
However, the biker suffered a violation of the bomb and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest aid workers infected
After a corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in the low-bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and are no longer allowed to leave the plant.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest helpers were tested positively on the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2, as the country council of Dingolfing-Landau announced on Saturday evening.
"In order to avoid any further spread, we unfortunately need to take this step to protect the population", said Landrat Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees had already been infected in the company - this was the reason for the series test.
The farm is a large vegetable farm which grows strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red beads - but only for insert glasses.
Mamming is a rural community with a population of 3300, close to Dingolfing with its large BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep quiet: "According to our information it is a closed circle".
On the farm, infected people were separated from uninfected workers, and the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence.
Green and SPD shared responsibility for the state government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the housing of seasonal workers.
"This can be bitterly revenged if such local infections have to be dealt with and regional lockdowns have to be arranged", said Jürgen Mistol, the Green Parliamentary Director.
The SPD is quite similar: "After the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse in mid-May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvesters", said Environmental Expert Florian von Brunn.
"It is precisely the hygiene conditions in the workplace and the housing conditions that we believe must be strictly controlled.
Obviously this has not happened."
The outbreak had come with an announcement.
Aidenbachstraße Underground Station: Dangerous dispute: 19-year-olds fall into the track bed after Schubser
In the event of a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße underground station, a 19-year-old has fallen through a slider and slipped into the trackbed.
Obersendling - On Friday there was a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße underground station at 4.15 p.m.
A passant alarmed the police, which arrived with several stripes.
According to initial investigations, a Munich (17) shot a 19-year-old on the ground.
The young man slipped over the edges of the railway and fell into the trackbed.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no danger of an introductory railway.
As the police have indicated, there have again been conflicts between the two people.
The 17-year-old flew from the scene, but his personalities could be identified in retrospect.
Accompanied by his father, he went to police inspection 29.
The 17-year-olds are identified for bodily injury.
Report: Seehofer urges longer retention of data
Data retention is currently suspended.
However, the Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, has called for an extension of the storage period after a media report.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer (CSU), after a media report, calls for an extended retention of data - instead of the planned ten weeks half a year.
As the "image on Sunday" reports, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) asked for a rapid change in the law.
Seehofer therefore wants to strengthen the measures against child abuse.
It considers it useful to make 'urgent adaptations in the law now', quotes the newspaper from the letter.
At present, data retention is suspended.
A decision of the ECJ is expected.
However, Seehofer wants the amendments beforehand so that they can be applied immediately after a possible positive verdict, the report continues.
A spokesman from the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it was only reasonable to check whether legal adjustments were needed if the courts had decided.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with the interior ministers of the countries, had already called for data retention in June.
NBA: Clippers-Star Lou Williams Stripclub Angry
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), Los Angeles Clippers Basketball professor, is expected to leave the Disney World Tournament Quarter in Orlando/Florida with permission for burial.
According to U.S. media reports, he went to the Magic City club in Atlanta in the evening.
Williams, who is to have admitted the visit according to ESPN data, is back in Isloation, is tested daily on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February of last year, "Sweet Lou", as he is called in the NBA, has already expressed his love for these very wings.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another Stripclub in Atlanta, Anm. d. R) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams has imposed a ten-day quarantine.
This means that the Clippers star misses the first two official parties after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA wants to end the Corona season.
Currently, the best 22 teams are preparing with training matches at the season finals starting on Friday night.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be shown live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has frightened public authorities and politicians.
Nearly 500 harvesters from several countries are currently working on the large vegetable farm, and over a third have been infected with the Corona agent.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one is allowed to leave the site, food is supplied.
The authorities now offer free Corona tests to the more than 3300 inhabitants of the municipality.
As harvesters had little contact with the local population, the Land Council office has so far assumed that the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Conscience": Confession of Nantes' alleged arsonist
"My client has been cooperative," said the lawyer, Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: 'He deeply regrets the actions, the confession was a liberation for him'.
His mandate was 'plagued by conscience and very much taken by the extent of destruction'.
In the event of a conviction, the man, according to the Public Prosecutor's Office, is threatened with ten years' imprisonment and a fine of EUR 150 000.
The Gothic St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes was seriously damaged during the night on Saturday of last week in a fire.
The fire had broken out in three places far from each other in the church.
Laboratory investigations hardened the suspicion of a fire foundation.
The suspect who has now been detained had already been arrested a few hours after the fire.
He was released after a day.
The man works as a volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire.
As there was no trace of violent intrusion into the church, he quickly entered the spotlight of investigators.
Discussing the abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that we consider abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates a fait accompli", said Grindel of the "image on Sunday".
He stressed: "The 50+1 rules do not work for the clubs most likely to become dangerous in Bavaria and Dortmund: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
In this respect, the debate is not about whether it is not necessary to make it easier for clubs that want to break into this phalanx to involve investors".
However, he has doubts as to whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to allow majority participations prohibited by the 50+1 rule in the Bundesliga.
"It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the Bundesliga business site in a single European market", said Grindel.
The former DFB chief sees the risk that "attempts to ensure a more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will ultimately only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not lead to more tension in the championship".
Even equal distribution of TV funds will not have a decisive effect.
"The FC Bayern makes a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
So the differences are huge among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", said the 58-year-old.
In the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this error and pushed it through to the press, rather than addressing it," said Grindel on the adoption of an expensive clock that led to his resignation in April 2019.
"That has already done me a great deal humanly".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences from it," said Grindel.
"With the ominous gift, I have dealt with it completely transparently and without fear.
Many people in the DFB knew about it".
He never "made a hedge out of the gift," insured the 58-year-old.
"That may be called naïve, at least this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": injured and a dead
The protests against police force in the United States have aggravated by Donald Trump’s use of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and policemen in various cities.
In Louisville, three people were injured, 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shots, while a demonstration train just crossed a crossroads.
Previously, in Portland, protests against racism and police force had occurred again.
The security forces, including officials from the Federal Police, used tear gas on Saturday night and forcibly demonstrated.
Hundreds, some of them armed, marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday, calling for those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor to be held to account.
The 26-year-old student was shot at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
The aim of the razzia was someone else who did not live there, and no drugs were found.
When a member of a group called himself an armed alliance of black Americans shot on Saturday, three people were injured.
According to NBC, they were brought to hospital.
None of them lived in danger of life.
The police set up barricades because opponents of a white militia had also formed themselves.
In the end, the two groups did not meet.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
The police, according to their own data, took a suspect in custody.
It has not provided any further information on the circumstances.
According to the New York Times, mayor Steve Adler said that he, like many in the city, was "intriguing and impassioned" because of what had happened.
In the American metropolis of Seattle, demonstrators also found clashes with the police on Saturday.
They were burnt in front of a youth prison, the police used blind granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were arrested for resistance to policemen or bodily injury.
In the city of Oakland in California, a court building was set in fire.
A small group of demonstrators took windows, fireworks shot and police officers blighted with lasers, informed the Oakland police on late Saturday evening (local time).
The fire could be erased quickly.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car driven by a crowd that demonstrated on a motorway.
As the police said, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
There, too, windows were opened in a court and a fire was laid, as the police informed.
Investigations have started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes despite Corona
Although the spa town was missing, visitors and actors enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, actors and organizers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival.
But, even if the big party mile in the city centre was missing, crowds and program highlights like hall burn, rakoczy ball, or lock-up, many of them were at their expense in the Corona-compliant alternative program.
"I think we have managed to spread Rakoczy-Flair," says curator Sylvie Thormann.
The staff were very friendly and helpful.
In principle, we return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival, and the historians alone were the focus of the festival.
A pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited Bad Kissingen for more than 25 years with her husband.
So this time in the Corona year.
The couple has made it cosy at the Luitpold casino, watches the historians while strolling and listens to Cuban live music at the Games Bank restaurant.
"I find it so pleasant," says Konhäuser.
They miss the masses of people who otherwise belong to Rakoczy.
For this, however, you do not have the usual programme highlights, especially the hall is burning on Friday evening, as well as the historic cement and the final fireworks on Sunday evening.
"That is a pity.
The weather would have been very good this year," she says.
Rakoczy Riding Tournament
The alternative program meant some more work for the performers of the historical spa guests.
For example, Christina Gold, who participates in the festival in a normal year and can be seen there on the cut of the spa café.
This year she was on foot in the city on Saturdays and Sundays in Kostüm.
"That is already more difficult, otherwise we will have it easier," she says.
The Rider Association had less to do, even if individual riders were on the road in the park.
"We very much hope that the Reiterquadrille will be held again next year", said Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that after several years of break 2021 a Rakoczy Riding Tournament will be held again.
28 Corona cases involving Spanish two-league Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football-second-league CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper and deeper into the crisis due to a corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer from Madrid had flown to the city of A Coruña in spite of the first Corona cases on 20 July, a deep strike follows the next.
Until Sunday, 28 players or team members had been tested positively, one came to the hospital, as the club told.
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name south-west of Madrid has had the chance to reach the rise playoffs.
Now even the departure to the second league B group is threatening.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment, the Public Prosecutor investigates for a possible crime against public health, the top sports authority CSD considers the forced departure of the club.
Players and other team members sit in a hotel in quarantine.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they did not get a fresh towel and no gel," wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
On photos, players would have hung underwear and club clothing in their rooms for drying after they had to wash them themselves.
Also, the bed linen had not been changed for five days.
Another problem is food.
Neither good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The club management, on the other hand, said that it was satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally endangering public health was rejected by the club’s lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
It did not violate the Corona rules established by the Football Association, the son of the President of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, stressed how the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper "Marca" reported.
Before departure, there were four infected persons until 19 July, but they were all isolated and not involved.
Just before the flight to A Coruña on Monday, all players and team members were re-tested.
When the team was already in A Coruña, "five or six" other team members of the Corona test were positive.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the appetite, said Tebas Llanas.
Police have to catch horses that have been thrown out of steam
Two animals were on the road.
The police brought them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6 a.m., a traffic operator informed two free horses on the train between the mouth of Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the Theres motorway connection point.
On the arrival of the officials, the horses were already between the bridge and the village of Dampfach.
After the officials gained the confidence of the horses just before the steamboat, they were able to move around a rope carried in the strip car.
Radprof. Tony Martin: career continuation imaginable
Time-driving specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his cycling career.
"I'm working with the team to set the framework conditions for how and in what form it could go on," said the 35-year-old of the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung".
Martin is currently employed by the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had considered finishing his career after the Corona break.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days, he said.
Or about other problems that would plague him as a family father, Martin said.
In the past, he stood up after a fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what if?
The cyclist acknowledged that there are aspects with which he is increasingly hard to do.
"But it did me well to remember from the Corona time what I have in cycling and how much fun I am doing".
The time driver specialist will return to the race at the Tour de l'Ain (August 5th to 9th).
Bavaria: at least four deaths on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in many places.
For at least three people, the tour ends with the motorcycle deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria several, mostly young people died at the weekend.
An 18-year-old motorcycle driver was captured by a car on Saturday at Schönthal (Landkreis Cham).
Why the car came to the counterpart was initially unclear.
In Oberbavaria, on Saturday, a 22-year-old met on his machine with a horse carriage.
According to the police, he was downhill at Beilgries.
In a left-hand curve, he puffed against the horse.
His injuries were so serious that he died at the place of accident.
Of the twelve occupants of the carriage, a man was seriously injured and a man was slightly injured, as the police told.
Another fatal accident killed an 18-year-old in the Upper Palestinian Bad Kötzting.
He had put himself on a street in the night to Sunday and was overtaken by a 42-year-old car driver.
According to the police, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The driver could no longer brake in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Freyung-Grafenau) on Saturday, a 57-year-old biker plunged in a right curve in spite of full braking frontal against a car.
He died at the place of accident.
The 57-year-old driver suffered a shock and the remaining three people in the car remained uninjured.
The safety of motorcyclists was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria's Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of the bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Gabor Kovacs, the Minister referred to major investments, such as underground protection on guidelines and the de-emption of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years,"
"The number of motorised two-wheeled cyclists killed decreased by around 28% compared to 2011.
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - For football trainer Niko Kovac there is soon a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco.
The eight-time French master will be present at the Hessen, the former Croatian club on 1 August (18.00 p.m.).
For the Bundesligist, it is the first and only hard test before the European League against the FC Basel (6 August).
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the meeting is held without spectators.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It's always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends," said Kovac.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year-old.
Before joining the FC Bayern München, Kovac had trained the Hessen from 2016 to 2018 and led to victory in the DFB Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in terms of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurt, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again," said Eintracht-Trainer Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian had taken the succession of the Croatian on the basis of the agreement.
In March, Frankfurt lost the eighth-final match against Basel in its own stadium at 0:3.
Almost 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof close to Lockdown
In the district of Hof, the number of well-known corona new infections increased further at the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is enjoyed and no longer falls into this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
This brings the Hof area closer to the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in one week.
700 deaths from monsoons in South East Asia
More than 9 million people are affected by the severe floods in South-East Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people died because of the strong monsoon rain.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in Boats is trying to reach isolated people.
Entire villages are under water.
Farmers have lost their crops.
Tank rays in National Park die from landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 tank rays died by landslides.
They are protected and considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year, floods are particularly bad, which is due to climate change by scientists.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New homes are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 displaced persons by flooding.
So far, only a few have been recovered.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
There is also enthusiasm in Grenezne.
Those who used to have a house, it was so small and like a cottage, often do not want to spend their lives in a large living block.
Many homes are empty, but the government wants to be moved soon by those who lost their house as a result of the floods.
60 new Corona infections on just one day in Vienna
In the 24-hour comparison, 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections.
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the Medical Crisis Board of the City of Vienna regularly inform about the current case figures and other key figures for the Covid-19 virus: Stand Sunday, 26 July 2020, 8.00 am, are confirmed in Vienna 4.840 (+60) positive tests.
The number of deaths related to the virus remains unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48) people are enjoyed.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 on Sunday to 3,288.
According to the sanitation staff, a disease is re-enjoyed.
The number of genes increases to 2.936.
Currently, 247 patients were ill in Germany.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ counter-supply
The new demands could not be met, the Ministry of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires announced on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair," said an opinion.
"While 50% of the children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase the short-term profits of our creditors".
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
That is why Argentina is asking its private creditors to renounce some of their claims of around $66 billion (around €59 billion).
If no agreement is reached, the country will once again be threatened by default.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Last, lenders had called for higher interest rates on government bonds and changes to some contract terms.
The Argentine Government, however, is sticking to its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis.
Inflation was more than 50% last.
Experts expect a decrease in economic power by around 10 percent for the current year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not settled interest-rate claims of $503 million, slipping into a limited default.
Arriving at work - not yet private
"It runs supergut" - this conclusion draws Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
In the end, everything went very fast: in mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will be the successor of Lutz Feller in the Eggenfelden Notariatstelle.
Already six weeks later, at the beginning of July, the promoted lawyer started work, the normal day-to-day business has long been on full tours.
"I still have to arrive in private", she explains in conversation with the Rottaler Scoreboard and laughs.
Of course, the short lead time has not been enough to relocate Regensburg's food point completely to Eggenfelden, says the native Dingolfinger.
She is currently looking for a suitable apartment or house in the city with her husband, who is working as a judge in Regensburg.
At least, her husband was able to apply for parental leave in the short term in order to ensure the care of the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to have to go out of Regensburg every day, she also has an overnight stay with her parents in Dingolfing, explains the 39-year-old.
The city of Eggenfelden has been growing up in the neighbouring county for a long time.
During visits on site with her family in the last few months she once again stated: "Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town".
They were all the more pleased that they had made the race in the competition for the free place.
Her homeland of Niederbayern also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer’s career career: after studying law in Passau she performed her referendary period and the second state sex in Regensburg.
After several stations as a non-assessor, including in Rehau and Hof in Oberfranken, Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also had "alongside" the doctorate in labour law - she joined her first position in 2012 as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau.
In 2016, she went to parental leave, and finally moved to Regensburg.
Since then, it has taken over representation services in various notaries.
When the post in Eggenfelden had been published for the near retirement of Lutz Feller, she saw the right time for full vocational re-entry, the 39-year-olds declared.
Dr. Stefanie Kramer has taken over the team of her predecessor, who will take over the vacation representation at the notary office in the future - and has just paid tribute to the team of the firm: 'It is supergood!'
The fact that she can rely on the work she has done here makes it easier for her to take care of the imminent relocation of the private food point.
In the area of nursery-respective cribs, she has already contacted a local institution.
And if everything goes as desired, she hopes to be able to go into her hobby soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to launch the ligast with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled 20 percent at the start of the season in the event of a fan return.
"Because of the distance rule, which must be compulsorily observed, we are currently planning with 12,000 to 15,000 spectators," said Borussia Dortmund's CEO Carsten Cramer.
Normally, the Arena in the district town of Bundesliga matches attracts more than 81,000 spectators.
In the ghost games of the last season caused by the Corona pandemic, BVB lost some EUR 4 million per game.
The Cramer, who is responsible for marketing, digitisation and internationalisation at the BVB, hopes that, in addition to the regular venues, some of the 4,000 places in the hospitality area can be opened again: "It is of course a blow in the control if these revenues are completely eliminated".
In view of the continuing Corona crisis, everyone is now well advised to take a stable side long for the first time.
"If many companies are not doing well and 6.8 million people are in short work in Germany alone, the need for entertainment is limited", said Cramer.
The Dortmund Marketing CEO praised the BVB professionals for their pay-out, which is intended to help overcome the crisis: "Of course, the players know that their waiver has a different effect than if we put 100 people working in merchandising on short-term work".
Minor miracles: Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl of butter, just three edible spoons of blood in his entire body: that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The bub is one of around 400 breakfasts, which are cared for annually at the Graz Children's Clinic.
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than a kilogram of birthweight.
They are so small and so early that neither lung nor intestine, nor muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so tense that they could injure the electrodes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothes and mini-winds specially made for them.
But not so small that they were not voiced - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger melts.
"Even if they don't cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona Theater in the classroom: The Whiteboard as a stage experienced the 9th classes of the St. Jakobus Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd just before the start of the holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the theatre of the city of Aalen presented the production "The home dress" to students by video.
Subsequently, students were able to exchange views and performances with the actress and director Winfried Tobias via Skype.
The idea for the performance format was born from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was pleased with the enrichment of the teaching.
In the end, although everyone agreed that the direct meeting in the theatre and stage area would offer additional incentives, the theatre also sees the potential for contact in schools.
"If we continue to improve the technical framework, this could be an interesting addition to the game's operation", said director Winfried Tobias.
First round: TSV 1860 would meet in the DFB-Pokal on Eintracht Frankfurt
If the TSV 1860 qualifies for the DFB Cup, the lions will meet in the first round on Eintracht Frankfurt.
This resulted in the draw on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round of the DFB Cup are fixed.
The lions would meet on Eintracht Frankfurt if they were successful.
This was the result of the release on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Because of the Corona pandemic the participant field is not yet complete, placeholders were used during the draw.
The TSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Cup (September 4 or 5th).
There the lions meet either on the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If Zweitliga-Aufsteiger Würzburg reaches the final, sixty would already be qualified for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final game against regionalist Aschaffenburg.
The first round of the DFB Cup will be held between 11 and 14 September, one week before the third league start.
"Frozen by the wind": film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday, with 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesman of the German Press Agency.
De Havilland was known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern states epos "From the Wind" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a young child.
The Austrian theaterman Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia von Shakespeare's "Summer Night Dream".
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her contract for seven years and brought her to the side of Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own".
The film ran in Germany under the title "Mother's Heart".
Three years later, the award came as the best actress in William Wyler's "The Heiress" (The Erbin).
She has also received a great deal of recognition as a neurotic eccentric woman in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snake Group".
In 1952, Daphne du Maurier proposed that she should play a leading role in the filming of her novel "My Cousine Rachel".
The piece has been a worldwide success.
With her long-standing friend Bette Davis, she played in "Wiegenlied für eine Körper".
The son of Benjamin came out of marriage with the writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953).
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke out.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss Finals at Comeback
The World Cup 2 Julyus Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament "Road to Timmendorf".
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf, they took their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars flights with 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Last September, Thole/Wickler played at the World Tour Final in Rome.
In the final game on the Rhine, their Bezwinger Ehlers/flights were defeating the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
In addition to the show tournament, three starting points for the German championships were played in Timmendorfer Strand at the beginning of September: the tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers.
AfD-confirmed Kalbitz-Rausch - FDP talks of "Fig leaf"
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is, from the point of view of the FDP, only a "fig leaf" and does not change the party's character.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the extreme right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the head of the iceberg of the radicals in the AFD," said the FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several hours of negotiations, the Federal Court of AfD confirmed the exclusion of Kalbitz, which was decided by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AFD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD really wanted to remove right-wing extremists from their party, officials like Björn Höcke and his supporters would have been excluded for a long time," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to do this because right-wing extremism is now part of the party".
Similarly, CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said: "That Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded, says nothing and changes nothing," he said the "World on Sunday".
"Rather, it talks volumes about how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD".
Flower expects the AfD to return to less than 5% in future elections.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted".
Kalbitz was one of the word leaders of the officially disbanded "wings" around the Thuringian AfD country and group chairman Björn Höcke; the constitutional protection classifies the constitution as a "safe right-wing extremist aspiration".
In May, the AfD Board of Governors discarded Kalbitz.
As a reason, he stated that Kalbitz did not indicate earlier membership of the now-banned extreme right-wing "Home Fidelity German Youth" (HDJ) and the Republicans.
Kalbitz denies membership of the HDJ.
The chairman of the left-wing party in the Brandenburg Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also stressed that the decision of the Bundesiedsgericht did not change the nature of the AfD: "The Wolf only eaten crops.
The AfD remains a far-right party, whether with or without calbitz.
Neither this decision weakens the Federal Party nor the right wing.
"The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
We want to avoid further observation through constitutional protection and try to get through under the radar," said Walter.
"The AfD will not get rid of the spirits it called.
A discard does not change anything yet", commented the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"Here, the AfD Federation and the group remained their right-wing leader".
The legal dispute over Kalbitz's membership of the AfD will continue.
On Saturday, he announced that he will now take civil action against the decision of the Bundesiedsgericht.
North Sea wind farms deliver well 21% more electricity
In the first six months of the year, the wind turbines on the German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid.
This is about 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet reported in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of North Sea electricity to the mainland and the transmission by the German electricity grid.
The wind turbines in the Baltic Sea, which are not part of the TENnet network, have fed a further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh).
The total wind flow from the North and Baltic is 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
This means that the winder tide at sea accounts for almost 19% of the total wind flow in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms increase production capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy, in addition to wind conditions, is due to increased production capacity, as new wind farms have entered the grid over the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind turbines in the North Sea were all running with full force at the same time, they could generate 6.7 gigawatts of electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet, it is 7.1 gigawatts.
By 2030, it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, by then, we are investing EUR 20 billion in the development of offshore networks", said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea, but reach about 40%.
The record day this year is 2 January, when the North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity, equivalent to three to four nuclear power plants.
Almost seven million households could be supplied with electricity.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130.
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein: The opening of the exhibition "Skirmish" with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold spread the usual framework after the Corona break.
Much more friends of art than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Kornhausplatz.
North of the gallery, the association "Sandtogether".
Free: Windbergfest for Corona cancelled
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day celebration scheduled in September.
In other years, more than 30,000 people visited this city festival.
"We did not really make this decision easy and hoped - conscious of how difficult it is for the parties involved - until the last minute", said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partisans).
"But in the end we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people here.
For if tens of thousands of people had been poured into the fixed grounds and in the tent, minimum distances, hygiene rules and contact follow-up could not have been met in accordance with the current Coronash Protection Regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there was not much left of a popular festival.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring burden would rise disproportionately by many times.
Rumberg replaced on next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, including the Winterberg Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Day of Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympics winner Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the supreme rider at the Dressur-Tournament in the Austrian Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the weekend at four starts.
After winning a Grand Prix for the first time with Weihegold and Quantaz, she was also on Sunday at the Grand Prix Special and in the Kür.
At the 15-year-old Stute Weihegold, Werth clearly fought against the Austrians Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen on Sunday.
On Saturday, too, the Germans were on Quantaz clearly before their 34-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer.
Verth's winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressing rider in the world is to establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first cure at all.
At the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all the important four tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14 to 16 August.
More controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University goes further into the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" is a professor of Air Traffic Management.
A contract between the University and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The contract was first concluded for three years and will start in 2021.
Professionals are able to start their studies not only in the summer but also in the winter semester.
This will allow twice as many students to be trained as before.
At the same time, the capacity of both the university and the DFS Academy of Air Traffic Management will be equally utilised.
The DFS will advise the university in setting up and occupying the professor.
Represented at the University since 2019
Since the summer semester of 2019, the first students have been in the course of their training for controllers at the University of Worms.
Nine students started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS has been very positive and the performance of students is excellent.
The combination of studies and pilot training is an important factor in further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times, it is not easy for us to promote the economy.
However, we firmly expect air transport to recover and to grow again in the long term.
In order to be able to fulfil our legal mandate in the future, we need highly qualified staff", says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman of the DFS at the signing of the contract.
"For the DFS, the Foundation Professor is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad, cross-professional knowledge base in the long term.
We therefore continue to work well with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer".
This also underlines Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms: "The Foundation Professor is an important bridge between science and business.
With it we would like to link to the already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual Bachelor course Air Traffic Management".
The trust of Deutsche Flugsicherung is both a motivation for the University of Worms and a commitment to further develop its teaching and research skills in the fields of the future of air transport.
With the first professor of the foundation for a dual course of study, the university can set very special highlights and innovative priorities for its students.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, emphasises: "The University of Worms, with its focus in the field of air transport, has an exclusive position in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Today's signature of the Cooperation Treaty strengthens the profile of higher education".
Rescue helicopters land on the A 45
About 30 minutes Autobahn A 45 was fully locked on Saturday morning in the direction of Aschaffenburg, as the rescue helicopters were in operation after a traffic accident.
A 76-year-old drive straight ahead with a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in the curve and landed on the line.
The impact caused the front airbags, the driver suffered slight injuries in the face and had to be brought to hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were provided by the notary and the patient flyed to hospital after the rescue helicopter.
At the moment, however, the police assume that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of around EUR 2000, had to be ticked off.
Health wants to test other sectors by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation back to light in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is about to come.
But are they right - and will it stay there?
The Federal Minister for Labour, Hubertus Heil (SPD), is now planning to review other sectors in accordance with the strict rules on maladministration in the meat industry.
"We will look at industry and then take appropriate measures for the industry if necessary", said Heil der Deutsche Presse-Agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against general restrictions on work contracts.
After the massive corona eruption at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Cabinet intends to adopt a law of salvation this Wednesday.
Large slaughtereries should no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel in slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
In order to do so, the use of work contracts and temporary workers will be banned there.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: "Finger away from a general restriction on work contracts and the transfer of workers if you do not want to stifle the economy completely".
Work contracts, for example, must be the basis for their value added to the customer for wide areas of craft, construction and plant construction.
"Individual failures cannot destroy such an important tool".
Heal assured: "My aim is not to ban work contracts everywhere in the German economy".
Work contracts make sense.
"When an industrial company assigns a craftsman to install a safety plant, that is a very normal work contract".
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and temporary work to be unconstitutional in its sector alone.
It is not explainable why, in future, the porting and packaging of cheeses should be subject to different labour law from that of sausages, it is stated in an opinion on the legislative project, such as the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Saturday).
A ban would therefore increase the price of consumers by 10 to 20 percent per kilo and product.
Many Eastern European workers from contract firms worked in the industry for 16 hours a day, following the results of an audit carried out by the NRW Labour Protection Administration.
They often did not have a break.
Wage has been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It was also noted that the situation in the housing of workers was often miserable.
Heil said that the meat industry had already entered into force in 2017.
However, "tricky constructions" have been circumvented.
"Now it is essential to clean up the ground."
The politician announced: 'In the Labour Protection Act, which we intend to adopt in the cabinet at the end of July, measures that do not only concern the meat industry - for example, higher testing rates for occupational protection or clear criteria for Community housing'.
The draft before us includes amendments to the law on the protection of workers' rights in the meat industry and the law on employment protection.
Brandenburg's Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers that more intensive controls are needed.
"I would like us to be able to carry out even more controls in many areas of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, for example animal transport", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg current".
But more staffing posts are also needed for more controls.
Three deaths in Germany’s crash of ultra-light aircraft
Three people died when an ultra-light aircraft crashed to a multi-family house in Wesel in the German Land of North Rhine-Westphalia, according to the police.
A child was slightly injured.
Two more people were saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district councillor said.
A parachute was found at the accident point, according to the police.
The "Rheinische Post" reported, using eyewitnesses, that before the crash, the plane had collapsed with a hot air balloon.
The house is a one- or two-family house.
More details were not known at first.
Clearing Frankfurt Operenplatz peacefully
One week after the riots in Frankfurt, the evacuation of the opera square in the night on Sunday was also peaceful.
A few dozen people were still in the square, but left him at 1 a.m. before the closing hour began.
The police have been in operation since the early evening with numerous officials, and there has been a larger police service throughout the city.
For the first time this weekend, from midnight, a ban on entrance to the Opera Square was in place, where ravages had occurred a week ago.
Police officers were attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrators.
At least five officials were injured after police input, several police vessels were damaged.
The night to Saturday was also quiet.
Auto overflows: Young women seriously injured in the event of an accident on federal road 83 at Hofgeismar
In the event of an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered serious injuries at 13.25 p.m.
She was brought to the hospital Kassel.
The fire brigade was looking for possible co-drivers with heat imaging cameras.
According to the police on the federal road 83, the woman was moving towards her place of residence in Hümme, when her car came from the train from the unresolved cause and survived several times.
In order to save the accident, the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the car.
As it was unclear whether someone was still in the vehicle, the adjacent maize field was searched from the head with a heat image camera.
The drone staff from Warburg, which also works with heat imaging cameras, was also ordered for the search for a person.
However, the forces of use did not find anybody between the high maize plants.
The serious injuries were brought to the Kassel clinic with the rescue car.
Nearly 50 forces from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The federal road was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Master in Italy
Turin - After a redemptive gate of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin secured the Italian championship for the ninth time in series.
The team around the five-time World Footballer made the 36th Scudetto of the club's history perfect on Sunday evening in the home game against Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo met at 1:0 before the mid-term.
With 83 points, Turin, which took place without the last long-violated former national player Sami Khedira, is no longer able to displace two days before the end of Serie A.
The table second Inter Milan is seven points behind.
Juventus was harmless in the first half, despite the optical superiority, then Ronaldo met with the last action after a free-flow variant.
An example by Miralem Pjanic used a flat-shot (45.+7) for the 35-year-olds.
Ronaldo was also involved in 2:0 against the more aggressive guests, and after his shoot, Federico Bernardeschi (67.).
This ensured the shiny but decisive success.
The 89th minute foule flee meter shot to the bar is likely only to have correctly altered Ronaldo himself with a view to the Torjäger rating.
"It is complicated to stay mentally and physically for 90 minutes at ball height.
The games are strange, and the momentum changes very lightly", said coach Maurizio Sarri after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the mental exhaustion of his players is great, the Juve Coach said.
Due to defeat, the turners had not yet been able to make the championship perfect.
In the end, Juve also had to thank the competitors’ weakness.
In the 11 matches before the Sunday match, the Sarri team won only five wins.
It is questionable whether Ronaldo will also become a Torrow King.
For while the Portuguese superstar has reached 31 goals so far, the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile, after his triple pack at the 5:1 (1:1) of the Tablevier Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona, has already 34 hits on his account - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's title gain.
The record in Italy is held by the current Juve-Professor Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentinean reached 36 gates for the SSC Naples in the 2015/2016 season.
In August, the Italian football's "old lady" is waiting for the next chance.
Juventus is in the eighth final of the Champions League, but on 7 August a 0:1 match must be played against Olympique Lyon in order to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
In the next round of K.O.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal authorities covered
Stuttgart - Despite all the threats of fines and court rulings, drivers continue to gain gas in countless illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads: last year and the first four months of this year, the police in the south-west have already registered more than 250 illegal authors.
There are no comparisons for the years before, but the razers are increasingly doing the judicial authorities work: in 2018, a total of 155 investigations were carried out for illegal races, a year later, 252 and 151 in the current year until the beginning of June.
The races were less concerned with organised events, as shown by the Ministry of the Interior's response to a request from the Landtags-SPD.
In most cases, the drivers were spontaneous or they had taken flight from the police - this is also seen as an illegal race.
German men were mainly at the wheel between 18 and 60 years old.
113 fines - 15 times imprisonment
Only in comparatively few cases are the rasers caught and also asked to pay for: 113 fines have been imposed since 2018, according to the Ministry of the Interior, and 15 sentences have been issued.
However, there is no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually increases.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than in the past, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes of recent years, and showed more frequently, said a ministry spokesman.
Rasern is particularly popular with the 8th Motorway.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught under teck near Kirchheim, and three months earlier, there were even 18 drivers on the A8 at Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular race track.
On the A81 the police registers even more races than on any other federal motorway.
With a tempolimit, it tries to brake the raser on the particularly affected section between engines and ghosts.
The most highly-priced and motivated sports and luxury carrots often have Swiss marks, because the drivers are switching to Germany because of the high penalties for too fast driving and authors race in the neighbouring country.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: "With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would get rid of this problem on motorways," says Martin Rivoir, the transport experts of the SPD Landtag Group.
"The barrier threshold for rasers would be significantly higher if you are not legally allowed to travel here and there at 200 kilometres and more".
Rivoir thinks less about enlightenment or image campaigns: "Whoever, in such a way, violates all the rules and puts at risk not only one's own life, but also the lives of other road users, is hardly achievable with reason".
ADAC calls for stronger police action
The ADAC, on the other hand, is not enough: "We assume that rasers cannot be deterred by the tempolimits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
It is not unusual for the high-touring power fair to be more painful and serious: since January 2019 and until April 2020, three people have died in the races across the country, two of them uninvolved in a night crash in Stuttgart’s city centre and one in Gerlingen.
In November, two young men were expected to have delivered an author race.
One of the vehicles came off the road, plunged against a garden wall and remained on the side that died 18-year-old front-passenger.
21 more people have been injured in the races of the past two years.
However, the Minister for the Interior, Thomas Strobl, considers that there is no need for more stringent penalties: 'legislative action is not seen in order to penalise illegal car races', says the Ministry of the Interior's paper.
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger crusher steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf: On Thursday a man in Rohrdorf (Circle of Calw) broke into a snack and stolen drinks and cash.
At 3.40 p.m., a witness heard noises in the valley road and went towards the snack.
There he noticed a man who used the fridge with beverages and left the snack after a previously sealed entrance door.
The perpetrator flew in the direction of the meadows behind the snack.
According to the police, the crusher also served at a cash and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: he is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters large and of a strong stature.
In fact, he wore a black pullover, black trousers and light shoes.
Further witnesses are received by the police.
Ackermann jumps to win at the final stage at Sibiu Tour
At the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour, Radprofessor Pascal Ackermann won his second day victory.
The 26-year-old painting of the team Bora-hansgrohe took place in the mass sprint on the 109 km section with the start and finish in Hermannstadt, after he had already won a stage on Saturday.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian team friend Gregor Mühlberger won the overall value.
The 26-year-old had decided to ride the mountain in the morning and thus took over the top in the classement.
Only 104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening.
No fewer than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during the mountain driving.
"I am really happy to start the season reboot with a victory," Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic," said the 26-year-old.
300 meters in front of the finish, he simply drew his sprint, "and it also folded perfectly".
In accordance with the rules of the UCI World Federation, a Corona test was carried out for all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race.
During the whole tour, drivers and carers were separated from the organizational team and from the media in isolated hygienic bubbles.
Viewers at the start and finish were not allowed.
Headquarters gave instructions on the re-environment of layers
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a multi-family house, a child (4) suddenly lay in the water when bathing.
According to the fire brigade, the emergency call arrived just before 13:00.
"A leading specialist immediately gave instructions for lay reanimation," said a fire spokesman on BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took over the recovery measures little later.
The child at risk of life was transported to the unique clinic under reanimation.
Why it failed is unclear.
The police have routinely started investigations into the accident.
The fire-fighting speaker: "We are starting from a tragic accident in the apartment".
Nuremberg: Unauthorised Tuning meeting - police intervene, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and some 1000 people attended a "tuning meeting" at the car park of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The police implemented their announcement that such events should be more closely monitored.
A major tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg’s south city.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to the Police of Central France, at 10.30 p.m. the Nuremberg Transport Police found an increase in the volume of vehicles in the area of a large car park in Ingolstädter Straße.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks there.
Just recently, the police announced that they wanted to step up their action against so-called autoposers.
Illegal Tuning Meeting in Nuremberg: Only a small part of the "scene"
Officials counted to the top of about 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, accounts for the police.
However, only a small proportion of those present in the "autoposer" and tuning scene should be assigned to this.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene came up with the police's appeal.
On the basis of the vehicles and persons on the ground, it should be assumed that these were mainly shoulders.
In addition, the vast majority of those present abide by the existing infection protection rules, in particular the observance of the minimum distance and the wearing of a mouth nose protection.
The control measures carried out on the ground were closed at 1:00 p.m.
Overall, for 10 vehicles, officials found such building changes that the operating permit had been exhausted.
Four of these vehicles had to be secured.
No authors
Illegal authors did not exist.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to keep a close eye on what is happening and will continue to implement enhanced control measures, including in connection with the emergence of shoulders,"
The agency News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger of the towing company involved: "They have all beautiful rims that we must not scratch," Schrödinger said.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Also because cars are wider, the company must be careful not to damage.
"After all, young people are supposed to get their cars unharmed".
Figures from the Agency: 900 cases of suspicion of short-labour abuse
Berlin - The Federal Agency for Labour (BA) claims that some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-time workers' money are being investigated.
"This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have shown short-time work," said the Management Board, Daniel Terzenbach, responsible for the operational business, of the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung".
When, at the beginning of the Corona crisis, a large number of companies suddenly applied for short-time work, BA had to react quickly.
Normally the test takes up to three weeks.
"So much time was not available in this hot phase.
That is why we will look more closely at the final accounts.
There will certainly be a lot more to do.
We are not naïve and have a long breath'.
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions concerned.
In addition, the BA Analysis Software uses to detect misuse patterns.
According to Terzenbach, BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn.
"Will there be much more insolvency than last year?
The assessments differ, but we are waging for the case and we are already training our employees in the work agencies for the processing of insolvency claims".
The figures are still unobtrusive, said Terzenbach.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party disbanded in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The collection was dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the district drivers of the Foundation Preußische Schlösser und Gärten (SPSG), informed the Foundation on PNN request.
Young people would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening, some young people would have played in the New Garden of Rugby.
SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee said on Sunday that the meadow had been cleared by a rider.
Time and again, illegal celebrations in parks
In the Foundation's parks there are constantly gatherings in which the Covid-19 rules on distance and hygiene are not complied with.
At the end of June, there was a celebration with some 300 people in the Babelsberg Park, and a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without Corona regulation, parks will be closed when darkness falls.
The parking regulations prohibit the storage of meadows and there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has long complained that visitors would leave more and more waste and destroy protected biotopes.
In Berlin, meanwhile, illegal park parties have reached a different dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, 5,000 people celebrated an illegal technology party during the night on Sunday.
The event was disbanded by the police.
Austria: Mass tests after Corona outbreaks in tourist resort
With hundreds of tests, authorities have reacted to a Corona outbreak in the popular Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as the Landesverwaltungen in Linz reported.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
As a result, many of the infected are young trainees in tourism companies, but at least one holiday guest has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourist staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The closure hour was set at 11 p.m.
"There are cancellations and cancellations there" said the head of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Association, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Also, individual guests have to leave early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria, with more than 400,000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season around one third of the guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first infections had become public.
On Saturday, the head of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behaviour of the trainees who had celebrated and could have contagious themselves there.
"We all liked this in our youth," he said to the radio station Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourism Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Covid-19 among young people.
From Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July were contacted.
The outbreak brings memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl in Tyrol, which was a centre of the Corona spread throughout Europe during the initial phase of the pandemic.
In total, more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
The new infections focus on Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - The British Football recordmaster Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year's absence.
The Red Devils secured the third table position on the last day of the Premier League with a 2:0 (0:0) success against the direct competitor Leicester City.
The Foxes now have to settle with the Europe League because the FC Chelsea went by and qualified as a fourth for the royal class.
In the fight against the descent, Aston Villa was allowed to rejoice.
Manchester United was led by a criminal blow from Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a Red Card for Leicester City in the after-play time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) came to an end.
Chelsea, the champions-league eighth-final opponent of FC Bayern, won 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4).
"That means a lot to me", said Trainer Frank Lampard, who is also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach.
Chelsea's victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspur, who went by to the Wolves with a small 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and started as the sixth in the Europe League.
Aston Villa chose the Fernduell with the FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, but had to tremble for a long time with West Ham United for class receipt.
The late guide of Jack Grealish (84.) immediately expired Andrej Jarmolenko (85.).
The 1:1 (0:0) was enough, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club, which shot three trainers during the season, is declining after five first league years.
Just like Bournemouth, who was unable to save himself by a 3:1 (2:1) at the FC Everton.
In the end, there was no point.
The FC Liverpool, which has been an English champion since the end of June, secured a club record with a 3:1 (1:1) victory at Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest value the Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp, with his team, missed the score record in English football.
The best brand holds Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/18 season.
After the Newcastle tour in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) shot the game on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an exceptional season," said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "this should encourage us to defend the title.
It will be difficult."
In the end, the prime-league bosses should also be satisfied.
Due to the coronavirus crisis, the football business in England was suspended from 13 March to 17 June.
Meanwhile, even an early break-up or the rest of the games were discussed on neutral ground.
After all, the season could be finished without special events - but as in Germany without spectators at the stadiums.
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Head of Government Netanyahu are becoming more and more intense.
At night there have been violent clashes.
The Israeli police have been violently attacking participants in a demonstration against the right-wing Conservative leader Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday in Jerusalem.
Twelve people were arrested for participation in unrest, and police officers Micky Rosenfeld reported.
Among other things, the police used water litter to dissolve the manifestation.
In total, according to media reports on Saturday evening, around 6,000 people had gathered near Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, blown in horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of a counter-demonstration supported by Netanyahu also reported the news page "ynet".
In many other places in Israel, too, people demonstrated, including in front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal town of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested for police information near Tel Aviv because of suspicion of having sprayed pepper spray from a driving car on the outskirts of the street.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly injured in the neck.
In Jerusalem and Tel Aviv there have recently been several demonstrations against Netanyahu.
The rallies accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Last but not least, Netanyahu was criticised for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among other things, he is accused of premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave.
The Corona crisis has had a difficult impact on the country's economy.
The unemployment rate last stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter kracht auf Auto - 9 Verletzte - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - On Saturday afternoon, a raid accident claimed nine light injuries on the B58 in Ahlen.
A car driver was on the way with her two children (3, 5) in the direction of Beckum.
The police: "Suspectedly it had suddenly slowed down because it wanted to take off".
The driver of a Mercedes-Transporter who drove behind her should have seen this too late.
He came back on the car.
In the event of the accident, three passengers were slightly injured in the car and six in the transporter.
Several rescue cars brought them to a surrounding hospital.
North Korea closes border town after Corona suspects
So far, North Korea has seen a "shining success" in its own anti-coronavirus measures.
Now, for the first time, the country is reporting a suspicion.
Because of a first official Corona suspect in the country, North Korea has completely closed off a big city for fear of a disaster.
Despite the strictest epidemiological defenses in the last six months, "the malicious virus could have been brought into the country," the state media reported.
The region around the border town of Kaesong has been subject to a state of emergency.
The Communist leadership called for the highest level of alarm.
If the suspected case is confirmed, it would be the first official case of Sars-CoV-2 infection in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own data, has not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive measures as a "shining success".
The information was questioned abroad.
According to the reports, the symptoms of the disease were found in a 'outlet' who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago and has now returned to the border.
South Korea did not first confirm the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely mined military buffer zone.
But South Korea’s military, according to reports from the Yonhap national news agency, recognised the possibility of illegal border crossing to North Korea as high.
There have been investigations into some people.
North Korea, according to its own data, convened an urgent meeting of the Labor Party’s Politburo on Saturday, chaired by the leader, Kim Jong Un.
The 'dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a fatal and destructive disaster'.
Kim already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong completely and isolate each district and region from others," he said.
The person concerned, as well as all the people in Kaesong who had had contact with her, had been put under quarantine.
The party's central military commission is therefore intended to investigate the "extinction" and the conduct of the responsible military unit and, if necessary, impose severe penalties.
It is estimated that around 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Excitement ahead of the Council: City-East and noise protection are under discussion before the summer break
"In addition to environmental issues, the members of the board will also vote on the construction plan for the major project city development East", it is said in the middle of the urban press release for the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 July at 4.30 p.m. in the Grand Hall of the CongressCentre Pforzheim.
In particular, however, the upgrading of the Eastern City will be discussed controversially until the end.
The majorities in favour are scarce, most recently in individual committees, depending on their presence.
An appeal from the economy (construction, real estate, trade, and IT) to fail the project developed from citizenship and then by the administration and local council after almost ten years of preparation, Reinhard Klein criticized as an "extra-parliamentary opposition", "unsuspecting", "speculation", "inflammation" and "conscious false statements".
"All think it is better to know it", says Small, who has been the only representative of the Pforzheim Civic List for a year.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The city's exit is cheaper, and the city's technical town hall, contrary to the city administration's statements, is after subsidies, whose existence is convinced by small people to rehabilitate for EUR 8.5 million.
The city will develop quite differently from what is predicted in the Town Hall and by the advocates of the economy.
The FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative concept.
It also provides for the refurbishment of the Technical Town Hall, the opening of the Schlossberg, the rental of the Ex-Thale for administrative areas and a smaller city-centre transformation, ideally with local agencies.
Environmental issues play a key role
Environmental issues will also play a key role.
Among other things, the municipal council will vote on the noise action plan.
This includes various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road transport, many of which are temporary cuts.
In a press release, the local transport club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30. However, the political leaders in the city are not innocent of the need to do so because they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus noise by neglecting the bus traffic with thinned-out cycles and by little commitment to cycling, the VCD says.
The town council also votes on the participation of the city of the Energy and Climate Action Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
In addition, it is on the agenda of accession to the Climate Action Pact of the Land of Baden-Württemberg, the redefinition of parental contributions in the urban children's day-care facilities and the application for inclusion in the Federal Smart City Support.
Citizens are welcome, but they must take Corona protection measures into account.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann launches into the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann will start his premiere season in the ADAC GT Masters on July 31st.
The first test rides took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating regularly.
For Zimmermann, the main aim was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from starting his first service in the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned his first rounds on the Lausitzring and became accustomed to his premiere in the GT3 car.
"There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche from the pre-season", says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you have to go into the curves differently.
But it really did a lot of fun".
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Despite its 25 years of experience in GT sports, the Netherlands has been able to help its new team member in many ways.
"I am not a beginner in motor sport, but every new series also brings new challenges", says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we have made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
The GT Masters will also run its first race there, at the Lausitzring.
From July 31st, the 33 super sports cars will be lawned by the Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows the track.
In 2015, he was last guest in the motodrome.
"It worked quickly and I had to get used to the track" says Zimmermann, who starts for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you need to meet optimally in order to be fast".
How quickly Zimmermann really is, it turns out in two weeks' time.
"Of course, teams poker a little at the tests," he says.
"In the end we are very happy and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a densely crowded calendar.
Seven races are scheduled for the beginning of November.
The current state is that no spectators will be allowed - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid-August at the Nürburgring, ex-Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will be in the GT steering wheel.
British Minister for Transport of Quarantine Cold
According to press reports, the UK Government's decision to quarantine Spain holidaymakers for two weeks after their return has caught the country's transport minister cold.
Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, in particular, while his colleagues at home decided on the measure on Saturday.
Due to the rising Corona figures in Spain, the London Cabinet removed the country from the list of countries from which entry without quarantine conditions is possible.
The new rules will apply from today, Sunday, so shapps will have to return to quarantine.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
However, the scheme applies to those who are only on the date of departure, only from Saturday 1 August, and has not been introduced overnight.
In Austria, by the way, Spain has so far been considered one of the 'safe countries' for which no quarantine is needed in Austria.
"Many ministers should have known in advance that there is a possibility of a quarantine being imposed on holidaymakers in Spain", said Labour MEP Diane Abbot.
"But apparently no one has taken the trouble to say Grant Shapp's decision.
Almost a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the strict ban, the number of infections in the country is rising again.
Virologists are mainly responsible for the new spread of night life.
Spain is one of the best holiday countries in the UK.
The United Kingdom Government is currently advising on non-necessary travel to the mainland of Spain, the Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands are exempted from this.
So far, more than 272,000 infections have been registered in Spain with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hyper-sound weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that, on the day of the navy in his country, warships are equipped with state-of-the-art hyper-sound weapons.
With these unique weapons in the world, the fighting opportunities of the Russian naval forces would be extended, said Putin in St Petersburg on Sunday at the central naval parade.
The Ministry of Defence also informed Interfax of the successful tests carried out by the Zirkon hypersonic missile, which was built for the navy.
Hypersound weapons have a multiple sound velocity of around 343 metres per second.
They are seen as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo will be further built
It is also constructed at the nuclear underwater torpedo Poseidon, it was said.
The planned sea bedroht is planned to destroy coastal targets.
The President, who also driven by a military boat himself, said that this year alone, 40 new ships would be put into service by the fleets of the largest country in the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the Navy has been protecting Russia reliably, said Putin on the day celebrated by Matrosen nationwide.
In many other Russian coastal areas, the naval forces also commemorated the day of the navy with parades.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting alongside the leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated strength in a weapons show in the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
In a video published by the Ministry of Defence, not only were warships, including a submarine, but also combat helicopters and jets.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: aid made more difficult for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year's season over the Atlantic has come on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and severe rains now threatened parts of the US state, announced the National Hurricane Center of the US Climate Authority NOAA in the night on Sunday (local time).
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-based Corona pandemic makes the workers’ work more difficult, said Abbott, according to the US media.
Evacuated for caution
"Every hurricane is a huge challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
With regard to the hurricane in Texas, he added: "This challenge is complicated and is aggravated, given that it is swept by an area that is the most affected area of the state in Covid-19".
According to Johns Hopkins University, some 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who had to leave their homes.
They should not ignore practices "to which we have become accustomed", such as the wearing of masks, said the governor according to the channel CBS.
It is important that everyone did not.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition, in emergency accommodation in Corona will be tested.
Damage was initially reported only from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm Warning Reversed
At wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour, "Hanna" was hit on land, according to government data on the island of Padre Island, just off the Texan coast.
The Tropical Tower had previously been elevated to the lowest level one hurricane.
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first issued and later withdrawn.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" continues to move inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" was on the way to Hawaii on Sunday at wind speeds of about 150 kilometres per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to continue to weaken.
It is predicted that it will be on Sunday (local time) near the largest islands of Hawaii - then as a storm just below the Hurricane threshold.
Over the Atlantic, NOAA expected an above-average hurricane season this year, following a May forecast.
Up to ten hurricanes are expected from June to the end of November, up to six of which could become very strong hurricanes, the Authority had declared.
On average, there are six hurricanes per year above the Atlantic, three of which are becoming storms of great strength.
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season is only 30%, a below average of only 10%, it was said at the time.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is watching the storms closely and in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates missing: video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were dismissed two doors
Naples - Four gates reached, four gates unknown: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a rabbled evening at the 0:2 (0:1) at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and was rightly sauer on the video assistants of the reference.
"A festival not given gates for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so hard on a team," commented the "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples had been led by a gate of foreign defender Elseid Hezaj in the 8th minute, in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic first applauded the compensation.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot the ball again on the net - the VAR once again intervened.
Also the gates of attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) withdrew the arbitration team after the VAR reference.
In the aftermath, Allan made the 2:0 end for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no team before.
The new technology provides records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern München: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start in the hot preparation phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Doublesieger FC Bayern.
After a short holiday and a few days of training, Hansi Flick has to consider how he can reconstruct his successful defence after the injury of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The Frenchman, who, behind Captain Manuel Neuer and Chief of Mittelfeld, Joshua Kimmich, has the third most use-minutes, suffered a band injury on the left footroot and threatens to be missing in critical king-class duels.
In the Münchner Schuddelweather, the right-wing defender broke off a training game and was driven off the course with a golf card.
How long the unrestricted tribe player has to pause in the battle for the title is open.
It is hard to be able to compete in the eighth-final match against FC Chelsea on 8 August, and the 24-year-old will be able to hope for the final tournament that will start in Lisbon on 12 August.
The Bavarians don't want to be stopped by the misgivings of the training on Sunday.
In his personal triple formula, Flick named the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration are to show his winning title collectors in the ideally following 28 days up to the King class final game on 23 August.
"We have simply mastered the duties with championship and poker.
Now we need to create the special one", Flick said.
However, until Munich can deal with the final tournament and before a training camp in the Algarve, the eighth-final obligation against the FC Chelsea is the first time.
After the 3:0 in the run-up to the Corona break, the Londoners in the local arena should not become the Bavarian nightmare again in 2012, as in the lost "Finale dahoam".
"We have to go through the door for the first time.
We want to win, create good conditions and reflect confidence with a good game," Flick said.
A vote test is scheduled for Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long speech, Flick had sworn his stars, who had a holiday after the Double 13 days, to a unique August.
He welcomed 31 players at the Sabener Straße, including the new players for the precious purchase of Leroy Sané, who first met all new colleagues in the place after his change from Manchester City.
"Leroy has embedded himself well like all the new," Flick reported.
But, instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. is no longer allowed to join, Flick talked much more about the current title project of the German series champion.
After days of single and small group training, teams are now trained for the Londoners, who are in the rhythm of the game, unlike the Flick Ensemble.
After that, a quarter-final against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi could be up for Munich, and in the semi-finals Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin are potential opponents.
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not so easy," stressed the Chief Coach, who from Tuesday can rely on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training.
The World Cup Record Protector Klose and Flick know about some common tournament preparation, which is particularly important in the 0 to 100 match.
With his current team, the work was "a pleasure", praised Flick.
The "focus on winnings" is an imposing character of his team.
The tournament with nine-nine teams was also ambitious on Sunday.
All of the service providers were involved, including the willing Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining is not secured beyond the royal class season.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to kill its World Champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents, the FIA must improvise to award the World Cup titles.
However, all American races were cancelled.
Race calendars are becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
Three other race tracks were added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix.
In October, the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal will be run.
On the first of November Lewis Hamilton and Co. compete for World Cup points on the Italian traditional race track in Imola.
As a result, the 2020 race calendar comprises 13 runs.
"We are pleased that we will continue to make great progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season", said Formula 1 Boss Chase Carey.
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed during this exceptional season in the royal class of motor sport.
The Formula 1 will finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
According to media reports, appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia could still take place at the end of November before the officially scheduled races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December.
Regularly, race calls for three continents
The Formula 1 rule, however, requires at least race on three continents for the award of the World Cup.
Even if, as is currently planned, only two continents will be driven, there will be a World Champion.
By means of a special rule, the FIA intends to award the title on the basis of "exceptional circumstances" due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to the ongoing corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not an issue.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be in America this year.
Criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation, the races will not take place in Canada, the US, Mexico and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to be with them again in the next season", said Carey.
The rejection of the American races was particularly critical in Brazil: "We were not surprised, but we cannot accept the reasons for this," said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
For example, the infection figures in São Paulo are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams not wanting to go to Brazil would not justify a rejection.
We need to prepare for the safety measures required.
Greta Thunberg: Evil look at Donald Trump’s World
Greta Thunberg talked about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest in Stephen Colbert's famous latenight show by video switch, and interviewed what she had in mind when she met Donald Trump.
Klimaatkivist Greta Thunberg was guest in a popular U.S. Latenight show by video switch.
She mentioned, among other things, her fight against the world’s powerful.
The teenager also spoke about her famous "evil look" at her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has drawn attention to her tireless commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
Now, in a well-known Latenight show, she talked about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at last year’s UN climate summit.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg in your show on Tuesday and had a longer interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powerful.
"There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis," she has shaken.
"Everything from organised hate campaigns to threats, just because a group takes children to the streets" she has seen.
Heads of state and leaders who are fighting against them in social media, or even trying to silence them, find them 'favourable', as they show the reactions 'because they have no other answer'.
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview, when Greta Thunberg was touched on a well-known scene, in which she cast US President Trump a bitter look behind.
At the UN climate summit in New York in 2019, for which the activist sailed over the Atlantic, her impressive view was captured by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people on the Internet.
The short clip created a GIF, an animated image that eventually became one of the most widely used images for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president at this moment?
She answered the relatively frankly asked question by Stephen Colbert: 'To be honest, I do not think that there is any need for further explanation'.
The experienced satirist Colbert had probably not expected to respond and shortly disappeared from the picture.
With her "How dare you?" talk about the principles of climate change, she remained in memory of many at the climate conference.
Ex-Dortmund Real Estate with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race around Europe’s Golden Shoe with Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance to become the Torschütz König in the Italian football championship.
At the 5:1 (1:1) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona, the former BVB professor contributed three hits, including two transformed elevenths in the after-playing times of both halves.
The 30-year-old of the table fourth two seasonal games before the end of the season now has 34 seasonal gates on his account - just as many of the FC Bayern München's Robert Lewandowski achieved in the previous Bundesliga season.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo follows 30 gates so far, the Portuguese superstar met with the top rider in the evening on Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a rollercaster: after a rapid climb with Fleetwood Mac, it went down steeply and then slowly up again.
Now the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult supporters: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully in sleep at the age of 73 and, on Saturday, family members announced in an official opinion that a further opinion would be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had founded the long-legendary band in London in 1967, so far his dreamed instrumental hit "Albatross".
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a roller-coaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise - the band celebrated its greatest successes, but then without it.
Among other things, there was a dispute because Green wanted to donate all of the Group's profits for charities.
He began to perform in large garments and with large crucifix.
Mental problems should also have played a role.
Green left the band in 1970 three years after its foundation.
Social decline followed.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has long been treated in psychiatry.
During much of the 1970’s, the musician disappeared from the screen.
He is said to have lived on the streets at times, working as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish family of workers in the London area of Bethnal Green.
He was already enthusiastic for U.S. blues musicians such as King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years he learned the first guitar grips.
At the age of 15 the teenager began to play professional guitar and got five years later the chance to be on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners.
A little later, he was involved in the Bluesbreakers as a replacement for his idol Eric Clapton.
Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blues boom in the summer of 1967, together with his bluesbreakers Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
The song "Albatross" composed by Green gave the group the first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968/69 and catapulted it to the top of the British music scene.
But the rapid rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not cope with the media crowd, his experiments with the drug LSD became ever more extreme.
He commented on life between music and addiction in an interview later: "The worst thing that happened to me in life is drugs - the best thing was to land a number 1 hit".
At the end of the decade, Green was surprisingly successful in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Fleetwood Mac now swam on a successful wave without it in a new formation.
Her 1977 album "Rumours" sold more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite several minor solo successes, Green did not get a larger comeback until he re-launched a group of friends.
The British "Daily Telegraph" spoke of a rock star back to Earth.
Free of drugs, Green published some albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band dissolved in 2004.
He has been a blues legend for music experts already in life - and with his soft sound he has been one of the most influential guitarists in recent decades.
