Biker reacts stretching  surveys and prevents worse.
On Friday evening a traffic accident occurred at the street between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcyclist man was injured slightly thanks to his quick reaction.
Driver Overlooks Bikers
The 44-year-old motor guider wanted to turn left between 9:30 p.m. she wanted to go for Mucholsheim on the left hand side onto a chip road 1230.
She overlooked the 24-year old Motorcycle Cyclists arriving from the direction of Nellingen.
During the collision, hand and foot brake levers from trafficking
The biker tried to evade the car yet sought the parking in the rear cab.
Its circulation oak temples at the Suzuki and the foot brake levers were dashed and the driver was no longer able to block them.
At present he steered his motorcycle in the roofs next to the way, and abducting it from outside, without losing sight.
Biker
However, by collusion with the car the biker has infringed the position and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 helpers infected
After mass infection in a large vegetable farm in Lietherbavia in menning, almost 500 people are in quarantine and they have been not allowed to leave the factory.
A security service is monitoring the ban.
174 product-facilitators had been especially tested on the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV 2, as the country council government advisor Dingolfing-Landau announced on Saturday evening.
"In order to avoid a further spreading we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the people," says Landrat Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Previously seven people had infected on the plant - this was the reason for the series test.
The plant is a large vegetable farm, which cultivates strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red bears - but the cucumbers only for insertion glasses.
Maming is a rural community with 3300 inhabitants, not far from Dingolfing with the large BMW plant.
Bumeder called on the citizens to say that we saved peace: 'Our information is a closed group of persons'.
On the farm, infected people met from non-infected staff, the site is now surrounded by a anti-clock fence.
The Green and SPD co-responsible the state government.
The two opposition groups accused prime minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of negotiating home checks amongst seasonal workers.
"That can take bad revenge for such local infections to be identified and regional locking, said Juergen Mistol, the parliamentary director of the Green Group.
This is quite similar in the SPD: "As we had already asked for a special control scheme once the Corona eruption in the spring of May in the meadowshoeier community" said environmental expert Florian von Brunn.
"We believe that health conditions in the workplace and the residential conditions need to be fully controlled.
This obviously did not happen".
The outbreak had come "with an annoyance".
Aidenbachstraße underground station: A dangerous complaint: 19-year old comes after Schugser into gearbox
A disfírmedness between two groups of young people on the Aidenbachstraße tube station has been slighted into the pitioner of a 19-year old.
Absendling - From the Aidenbach Street subway station on Friday there was new fight against two youth groups ageing at 7:15 p.m.
A passent alerted the police, who encountered multiple strips.
According to a preliminary investigation, a Munich (17) captured a 19-year old.
The young man slied over the edge of the rail walk and fell into the railroad floor.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no danger from an introduced train.
Untouched political debates were then again occurring, according to the police.
The 17-year old fled from the place of occupation, but his shoulders wereicilly determined.
His father accompanied him to police inspection 29.
Court n°1 concerned about this situation; it will be perceived against the 17 year-old traders against the bodily injury of the active patients.
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended.
In Federal Minister of the Interior, Horst Seehofer, after a media report, has asked for an extension of the “free cease” range.
The objective is to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
According to a media report, the Federal Minister for Internal Affairs Horst Seehofer (CSU) is costs all sector data retention – for a period of six months, instead of foreseen
As the "surveys on Sundays", Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) has sent a letter about a quick change to the law.
This aim is therefore to strengthen measures against child abuse.
He believes it is worth implementing 'urgently necesisary statement in the law already now', quotes the newspaper from the letter.
Data retention is currently suspended.
It is expected to take a decision from the ECJ.
However, Seehofer wants the change beforehand, so that they can be immediately applied after a positive judgment, as the report states.
As a spokesperson from the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper, it was only sensible to assess whether the Courts needed legal m Governance to be adapted.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with the interior ministers of the countries, collated with the rapporteur, fought to defend themselves in June.
NBA: Strip club angry for Clippers star Lou Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball professional of Los Angeles Clippers, should abandon the Tournament Quarter in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission to leave.
According to the US media reports he did so early at night and went to the “Magic City” strip club in Atlanta.
Willias, who should have admitted to the visit according to ESPN data, is in isolation, is being tested on CVID-19 daily.
His reason for his visit: chicken wings.
In February of last year, "Sweet Lou", as he is called in the NBA, expressed his love for specific Wings.
He wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another strip club in Atlanta, Anm. d. R) have the best wings in the city.
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter, on Sunday, that the NBA Williams had laid down a ten-day quarantine.
This means the clipper star misses the first two official games after the final trial phase.
The NBA, ininity gladgets, wants to progress to fill the Corona season in Disney World.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing with training games at the season finals brinking off on friday night.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) has already launched a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be viewed live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has shounded authorities and politicians.
Last year, nearly 500 cultivated results workers from several countries have worked on the large vegetable farm, and over one third are infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
Nobody is allowed to leave the premises, food is shipped.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As harvest workers had little contact with the local population, the Board of Regions presumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
Privacy: Confession of the alleged First Instance of Nantes
“My client has acted close to cooperation,” the lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper.
He added: 'he deeply deplores actions, the confession was a liberation for him.
His mandate is 'plunged by some conscience and greatly accompanied by the extent of the destruction'.
According to the Public Prosecutor' s Office, Chevrolet's person is sentenced to ten years in prison and then with a fine of 150,000 euros.
The Gothic St. Peter and the Paul Cathedral in Nantes was badly damaged by a fire last Saturday.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory research intensified the suspicion of a fire foundation.
The suspect had been arrested just a few hours after the fire.
But after a day he was released.
The man works as a volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for closing the Cathedral on the eve of the widening fire.
As there was no trace of violent incursion into the church, he was quickly enacted by investigators.
Discussions abolishing the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended a continuation to abolish the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission created a complete fact," stated Grindel the "sunday image".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
Therefore, it is wrong to move away from debate as to whether there has been no need to make it easier for associations that want to break in the Phalance to include investors", he said.
But he has doubts on whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to allow majority shareholdings, which are prohibited by the 50+1 rule in the Liga on the federal league.
“It is a legal risk that, in a single European market, institutions might pull investment fences around the Federal League Economic Sites,” said Grindel.
The former DFB head of EMNs will see "the attempt to create more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will, in the end, only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not lead to more exhaustion in
Even a equal division of TV funds will not have any decisive effect.
"FC Bayern emits a turnover of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
So divergence between the first three clubs is already massive.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million," said the 58 year-old.
Reflecting the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and surfed the press rather than talking about it", declared Grindel on the acceptance of an expensive watch which resulted in his resignation in April 2019.
"I have already dealt with it humanly".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach in compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of that", said Grindel.
"I have dealt with the ominous watch present entirely transparently and terribly.
Many in the DFB knew about this.
He never “made a sign for the gift,” the 58 year old said.
It may be called naïve, but then this kind of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption.
"Black Lives Matter": injured and people dead
The protests against executive police force in the United States have been aggravated with Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police in several cities.
Onaturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police in various cities.
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, one person was killed in battles, as a demonstration train currently crossed a crossroads.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including officials from the federal police, used tear gas on Saturday night and forcibly fired protesters.
Hundreds of armed interests marched through Louisville in Kentucky Saturday on demanding that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be held to account.
The 26-year-old student was shot in March at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville.
A razziacnopic objective was someone else who did not live there, and no drugs were found.
On Saturday, when a member of a group calling himself an soldiers alliance of black Americans shooting, three people were injured.
According to broadcaster NBC, they were received to hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police made barriers because counterprotesters of a white militia had formed themselves.
In the end, the two groups did not meet.
In Spanish Austin, a person was shot and died during a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
Concerning the circumstances of the in-depth action, she has not yet provided any further information.
According to the New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler sayed that kidney, like many mankers in the city, was 'immortal and utter' for what had happened.
In the American metropolis of Seattle however, demonstrators have also conducted conflicts with the police on Saturday.
They relayed fires in front of a youth prison construction cars, the police used blend-grenades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
A court building was risked in the city of Oakland, California.
A small group of protestors dispatched windows, fireworks shot off and police officers disloaded with lasers, notified Oakland’s police late on Saturday evening (local time).
The fire was quickly erased.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drove through a crowd that showed us on its motorway.
As the police explained, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon, and at least one person was injured into the hospital.
There, too, in a court windows have been fired and a fire was put, as the police told.
An investigation has begun.
Rakoccy in Bad Kissingen: Historic costumes despite Corona
Although this large sausage lacked in the spa town the guests and performers enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organizers: The Rakoczy weekend without rakoczy festival.
But, even if the big party mile in the city center was missing, crowds and highlights such as the "room burn, the rakoczy ball, or the frontier, many wondered about the alternative tour complying
"I think we succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair," says director of assistance Sylvie Thormann.
The guests would have liked it very well.
From principle, they return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival, where, the historians were the sole focus of the festival.
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been a regular visit to the Rakoczy Festival Bad Kissingen with her husband for over 25 years.
This is also the corona year.
The couple made it comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watching the historical passages and listening to Cuba’s pometry at the casino restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
They dispense with the crowds that are otherwise built up as part of Rakoczy.
But you need the usual programme points. First part of all, the old camera burns on Friday evening, the historic launch and the final fireworks on Sunday evening.
"That is a shame.
The weather would have amazed this year,” she said.
Rakoczy Returnournament is to be held again
For the performers of historical surgical guests the alternative program meant more work for many of them.
For such a type of Christian Gold, who participated in the particular content in a normal year and can be seen on the cute of the spa café.
This year she was an active tourist guide in Kostüm on Saturday and Sunday.
"This’s already more difficult, otherwise we ́re easier,” she says.
The club had less to do even though individual riders were going to the park.
“We hope that the horse riding cruise will be held again next year,” said President Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that a Rakoczy return operator would take place after several years of break in 2021.
28 Corona cases involving Spanish bilingualists Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football ambassador CF Fuenlabrada is beating an ever wider step into the crisis due to a corona outbreak.
On July 20th, the run-off from the Madrid newcomer after the first Corona cases was flown to a championship in the city of A Coruña a short pit follows the
By Sunday 28 players or team members had been tested positively, one went to hospital, as the club told.
Five Arabrada from the unfamiliar town to the south-west of Madrid still had the chance to offer exiting appetizers.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, the public prosecutor identified for a possible crime against public health, the top sports authority CSD begun the mandatory decision of the club.
Players and other team members are sitting in a hotel in quarantine.
"Until 6th day of quarantine they have not received fresh towels and no gel", wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
Photos indicate players who had to wash out underwear and club clothes in the rooms they would have become fazier than they had to wash them themselves.
Bed-late has not been changed for five days.
Food is another problem.
It is neither good nor sufficient, wrote 'AS'.
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The recrimination to have intentionally endangered public health was rejected by the club’s lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
It was not prohibited whether ornamental scores established by the football association were found, the son of the President of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, stressed the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper "Marca
Before departure there had been four persons in excess of 9 until 19 July, but all of them were isolated and did not participate in communications.
Just before the flight to A Coruña on Monday, all players and team members had been renewed.
As the team was in A Coruña, one went to the corona test again.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the appeal, said Tebas Llanas.
Police has to capture scrambled horses
Two animals were on the road.
The police led them back to their owners.
On Sunday morning, a traffic operator told about two rounded horses on the railroad and between the station thundersdorf/Steinsfeld and the Theres motorway future.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
After users were able to win the confidence of the cereals just before hiring the re Eye Day . That amount of this piece of ride handed over a rope that was carried with toiletries
Cyclist Tony Martin: likely to pursue career
Time specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time travel regime champion Tony Martin can certainly imagine continuing his cycling career.
"I am in our team speaking with the real game for how it could continue,” the 35-year-old Frankfurter Allgemeine Sundayzeitung said.
Martin is currently employed at the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the arrival of Corona, had contemplated terminating his career after this year.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of action days, he said.
Or she talked about other problems behind him as a father of a family.
It struck him in thevious crash, and the first thought was, "Soundully back to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what if?
The bicyclist admitted that there are aspects that he increasingly finds hard working with.
"But it gave me good to recognise from the corona period what I have with cycling and how much fun it takes me."
The getting specialist will continue to compete on the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th August).
Bayern: At least four dead on Bavaria’s streets ceased at weekend
The beautiful weather attracts Bikers to the streets in many places.
For at least three people, their bike can end with death.
An 18 year old pedestrian dies.
Schönethal – several people, mostly young, died in the case of accidents on Bavaria’s roads.
A 18 year-old radical driver was taken off on Saturday by a car that co-spolked with Schönthal (Cham County).
Why the car picked the countercircuit was initially unclear.
On Saturday, in Upper Bavaria, a 22 year old came together with a horse horseschutz.
According to police, he was going downhill in Inggries.
In a left curve he pulled against the cup.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the dock.
Out of the twelve occupants of the carcass, one man was seriously injured and, as the police said, a man was weak.
One year old died in the Upper Palace Bad Kötzting, another deathless accident.
Its night-time distribution turbulence was pulled over by a 42-year-old car driver.
Earlier years of police believe that the 18-year-old wanted to be able to sleep.
The driver could not stop in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Freyung-Graffenau) on Saturday, a 57-year-old is directly privileges against a car in spite of full brake.
He died at the site of accident.
The 57-year-old driver suffered shock, the further three people in the car were still indults.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organizer of the bikers' protest against driving bans announced for August, Gabor Kovacs, the ministerial stressed major investments, such as access to input platforms and fiscalization of dangerous curves.
"We have done a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in previous years", noted in the letter.
"The number of cyclists killed fell by around 28 percent compared with 2011.
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - For soccer trainer Niko Kovac, there is soon to rain on the Cright of Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco.
The eight-time French master will delight again Closetto ( July 3 p.m.) at the Hessen, the former club of Croatia.
For the Bundesligaist, it is the first and only hardening test of the replay in the Europe League against FC Basel (6 August).
But due to the coronavirus pandemic it is under full spectator influence.
We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” explained Kovac.
This is an interesting test, the 48 year old reported.
Before he switched to FC Bayern München before his development, Kovac had trained the Hessen between 2016 and 2018 and led to the victory in the DFB Cup.
"A high-given opponent like Monaco is a good test for us of the game against Basel.
As all Frankfurt Citymen, I am looking forward to seeing Niko Kovac again]], and said Eintracht coach Adi Sütter.
The 50 year old Austrian entered into Russia in a bid for the first to assassinate Croatia.
In March, Frankfurt lost the indication ofheizngleball against Basel in their own stadium at 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections : district of Hof near salty-boarderados
The national county of Hof experience has raised evidence of corona new infections during the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is often published and is no longer in this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
There is also one case in the city of Hof.
The Hof Arena approaches the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 people in a week.
700 deaths by monsoon rains in Southeast Asia
The severe flooding in Southeast Asia has affected more than 9 million people, especially Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
As a result of the strong outrages for monsoon, a total of 700 people have died.
In Bangladesh, the Red Moon seeks to reach isolated people in boats.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Pancards in National Park die as a result of landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park two of the 120 tank-shearers died as a result of a landslide.
They are protected and considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year the flooding is particularly bad, which is accounting for scientists in relation to climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Basar in the south of Bangladesh, the State built apartments for 650 people displaced by the flood.
Only a few have infiltrated.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
There is also enthusiasm in Greence.
Those previously who had a home would undergo really small, and uncomfortable trekking far, often do not want to spend their lives in large blocks of living.
Many homes are empty, but should shortly be hollowed - as the government wants - by those who have lost their homes due to the floods.
60 Corona new infections on only one day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparative process, 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The government district of Vienna (Vienna) and its medical crisis centre know on a regular basis the current outbreak of discussions and other indicators about the covid-19 virus: the level of Sunday, July 26, 2020, 8:00 am is approved by 4.840 (+60) positive tests in Vienna
The number of deaths related to the virus is unchanged in 204.
4,090 (+48) persons are enjoyable.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of Coronavirofire infections in Lower Austria has increased by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday.
A infection is a recovery, according to the sanitation staff.
This increases the number of genes to 2,936.
Conurrently, Covid-19 sufferved 247 patients in the federal state.
To date 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with the lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ counter-bid
These new demands could not be reflected, the Business Ministry in Buenos Aires informed on Saturday.
This would not only be irresponsible but also unfair, according to a statement.
‘While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot raise our creditors' short-term profits'.
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
Thus, Argentina is asking its private creditors not to call for some of their demands of about US$ 66 billion (some 59 billion euros).
If no agreement is reached, the country will once again be threatened by it in favour of a state bureaucracy.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina's history.
Last, lenders claimed higher interest rates on government bonds and changes to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The latest inflation rate was more than 50 percent.
Experts are expecting a cut in economic power by about 10 percent for this year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not settled interest charging of USD 503 million, which did slid into a limited default.
Arriving at work - private yet not
"It's running supergut" - Dr. Stefanie Kramer concludes during her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
In the end, when everything went very fast, Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will appear in the historical Road in Lutz Feller in mid May.
Already six weeks later, in early July, the  upgraded jurist took out its work, the normal day-to-day business longest runs on full course.
However, I still have to get away" explains in conversation with the Rottaler scoreboard and lambs.
Naturally, the short lead time has not done his good to completely distribute Regensburg to Eggenfelden, the infamous Dingolfinger reported.
She was up to the moment with her husband in Regensburg as a judge in the land court, searching for a suitable apartment or house in the city.
At ancient times, her husband was able to qualify for parental leave within the short term to be able to provide the respect between the two daughters (31⁄2 years and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to have mumble from Regensburg every day, she had already an overnight stay with her parents in DINGOLFING, the 39-year-old.
The town of Eggenfeld has grown up in the neighboring county a long time ago.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
So she was all the more pleased for her new based on the race at her free cellup of the competition.
She also plays a key role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer's professional career: Following the law studies in Passau, she has performed her referendary period, as well as the second State Sexamen in Regensburg.
She also started a career in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau, after several stations as a notarist, including in Rehau and Hof in Oberfranken, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu and Regensburg, including on which her doctorate another year in
In 2016, she went parental leave but in fact had taken a move to Regensburg.
Since then it has taken over roles in various notary offices.
When the eighteenth place with wheels had been contracting, due to the approaching retirement of Lutz Firel, the 39-year-olds acquired the proper time to start their work in full.
Dr. Stefanie Kramer has taken off his previous team, who will be responsible for the report for releases to the Notariy Administration, to heed that office wants to warm up in all its aspects.
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
In the case of nursery- minded places she has already contacted a local furniture.
And if everything spreads as desired, it hopes to be able to go into her hobby soon, too - going to the beginning of a day to learn about the most beautiful boyting routes in the Rottal.
It is planning to start with a maximum of 15,000 views
Dortmund Dortmund The largest Football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled 20 percent at the start of the season and if a fan withback.
"Above the distance simulation compulsory to comply with, we are currently planning with 12 000 to 15 000 spectators," said Borussia Ortmunds Managing Director Carsten Crasmer.
Normally, the arena in the district city enters more than 81,000 spectators during Bundesliga (Germany) games.
In past season's spirit games, as a result of the corona pandemic, BVB fell around € 4 million per face.
The Cramer within the BVB passion for marketing, digitalization and internationalization hopes that strike is much smaller than the seat-of-people for the north and south, while there are wrapping up some of the approximately 4000 sites in the hospitality area.
Given the ongoing crisis in Corona, everyone is now well 'discussed firstly to take a good young side route for a stable period'.
“If many companies don't matter, and 6.8 million people are 30 years old in Germany alone, the need for entertainment is limited,” complained Cramer.
The Dortmund Marketing Board praised the BVB professionals for their quantitative particular figure in order to help overcome the crisis: "Of course players know that their netuneration results from a different effect than if we put 100 people who work in merchandising
Reduced Miracles: early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter, just three tablespoons blood in his entire one, which was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
Our club is one of around 400 early cosy dinners cared for each year.
A quarter of them weigh losses less than 1,500 grams, a few, such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael, are extreme lightweights with not even a similar kilogram of birthweight.
They are so small and so early, that neither lung nor an infant nor muscles are fully played.
Their skin is sometimes so tender that they might inflict an eccletic origin.
And they are so tiny that sometimes they wear doll clothes and tiny mini winds created specially for them.
But not so small that they are not for voice - 'and how', Berndt Urlesberger jungles.
"But while she wants to cry as loud as large babies, of course?
When the Whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona Theater in the classroom, the “Whiteboard” was one of the 9th classes of the St. Jakobus School of Higher education in Abtsgmünd shortly before the hotel started holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the Theatre of Aalen presented to the pupils the production “The Home Dressed” via video.
Subsequently the students could discuss the slogan and the performance via Skype with the actress and director Winfried Tobias.
The idea for recording was born out of the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was pleased with the extensiveness of the teaching.
At the end, even if everyone agreed that the direct meeting in the theatre and stage space would offer added impetus, in the theater, there’s also potential for contact in schools.
"If we further improve the technical framework, it could be an interesting supplement to gambling", As she stated, director Winfried Tobias.
First Round: TSV 1860 would mean him on Frankfurt in the DFB Cup
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This was the result of the e Leidseung on Sunday.
Munich - 64 rejected opponents in the first round of the DFB Cup.
The lions would meet on Eintracht Frankfurt again in a successful qualification.
This was the result of this appointment in the ARD sports show on Sunday night.
Because the participant field is already incomplete as a result of the Corona Pandemic orders, the materials intervention spaceholders were used during the draw.
The FSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Coal Festival (4, or 5th September), with the voluntary intention of defeating the FC Memmingen semi-final opponent.
The Lions will met with either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If the last Crash were to reach the final, Sixty would already qualify for the first round at the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to pass against regioneligist Aschaffenburg in the final game.
The first round of the DFB Cup will take place between September 11 and 14, launching one week before the third”.
The Wind Beished: Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris at the age of 104, confirmed her spokesman from the German Press Agency.
He was well known for his role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern government, "Beware of Winds" (1939).
When a British parent was born in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a young child.
The Austrian theatremann Max Reinhardt discovered the 19 year old in the role of Hermia by Shakespeare's "Summer- Night Dream".
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own.
The film was opened in Germany under the title “Mother-Heart”.
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She also received greatarity as a neurotical excentric artist in “The Dark Mirror” and “The Snake Reap”.
Daphne du Maurier suggested her a dialogue in 1952 on the great role in filming her novel "My Cousine Rachel".
It was a worldwide success.
She has been playing in Wiegenlie for a corpse with her long-term friend Bette Davis.
The son Benjamin has been born out of her marriage, Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953).
Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante in Paris and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke out.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beach volleyball: Thole/Wickler miss Finals at Comeback
World Cup 2 Julyus Thole and Clemens Wickler missed his final at the "Road to Timmendorf" beach volleyball tournament.
At summits of the top teams in Düsseldorf, they were stationed at semi-finals with their national team counterparts Nils Ehlers and Lars Flights 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Thole/Wickler was last played at the World Tour Final in Rome last September.
In the final plan on the Rhine, their mountain camp ehlers / flights fought a defeat against our surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
Besides this show tournament, three opening places for the German championships were held at Timmendorfer Strand in early September: the tickets collated with Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers
Calbitz discard from AfrD confirmed - FDP speaks of cow hand
Also from the FDP’s point of view, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a "feaw sleep" and does nothing to change party characteristics.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far-right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD," says FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the messential agency dpa in Berlin.
The Federal Court of Defense of the AfD also confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of negotiations that the Federal Managing Board decided for Majority voting in May.
Kalbitz is the chair of the AfD Group in Brandenburg .
“If the AfD really was to ensure that ental extremists removed from their party completely, officials such as Björn Höcke and his followers would have been marginalized for a long time,” said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to achieve this because the right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Similarly, CSU Secretary General Markus Coldeum said, - "That Andreas Kalbitz is stolen now says nothing and changes nothing," he said to the "world on Sunday".
“It speaks volumes how many frenetic supporters have a right-wing extreme in the midst of the AfD.”
Flower preerously hopes that the ADF will go back below five percent in future elections.
"AfD days in parliaments are numbered".
Kalbitz was one of the words of Björn Höcke, the head of the official 'wings' from supremacy in the case of Thuringias firstly af and in the parliamentary group which has now been unlblocked, which
In May, the AfD Bargain Silver was thrown out of the party.
The rise for great effects seems to suggest that Kalbitz did not specify an earlier membership at his party entry in the meanwhile verbano-based "Home Security of Sexual Control" (HDJ) and the Republic
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ.
The president of the leftist faction of the Brandenburglandtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the Bundesiedsgericht would not alter the character of the AfD: “The Wolf only had heard g
The AfD remains a far-right party, whether with or without Kalbitz.
This decision will neither weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
“The Meuthen Force maneuver is transparent.
It wants to escape further observation through the protection of the Constitution and try to get by under the naval radar constitution", said Walter.
"The AfD won't get rid of the spirits she called.
A turmoil does nothing todither,” says Brandenburg, SPD Secretary General Erik Stohn following the decision in the Kalbitz case.
"Here the AU and the group have, until now, held their right leader".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz membership in the AfD will continue.
On Saturday, he announced that he will now proceed to civil law against the decision of the Federal Decision.
North Sea wind parks deliver about 21% more electricity
Wind canopy plants on the German North Sea have installed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year.
This is just about 21 percent more than during the same period last year, guidance shown by the year-old haul operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the connection of North Sea electricity to the mainland and of redirecting it through the German electricity network.
The deposits of nuclear turbines in the Baltic Sea, which faxed the TENnet infrastructure, have added another 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) electricity.
In total, wind flows from the North and the Baltic region come to 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winter tapped at sea accounts for almost 19 percent of the entire wind flow in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms provide for greater production capacities
The risk in offshore wind power is driven by increased capacity-building in addition to wind conditions because new wind farms have lost the office behind the new dragon systems in the past twelve months.
If the 1270 wind power stations in the North Sea were all compelling to operate simultaneously, they could produce 6.7 gigawatt electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, this should increase to 17 gigawatt in the German North Sea.
"We invest €20 billion in the expansion of offshore connection in Germany and the Netherlands by then", said Tennet CEO Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms can not take advantage of their capacity at sea, but reach about 40 percent.
The record day until now this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind parks generated more than six gigawatt plants.
On average the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt power, that represents three to four nuclear power plants.
Almost seven million households can be provided with electricity.
Art "Skarmish" - an exhibition of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Kunstverein Gmünd.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Geburtstag des Gründer Kunstverein: The exhibition opening "Skirmish" with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold spired off the usual framework after the Corona break.
Far more friends of art than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
Its musical equivalent delivered to “Defenders of the Universe” Band at the southern Kornhausplatz.
The association "Sandotocholes" was engaged north of the gallery.
Freital: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled.
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day celebration planned in September.
In other years, over 30,000 people had participated in the city festival.
„We have not made this remark easy and hoped, bearing in mind how hard it is for those involved in economy, to the last minute," said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (without influences).
“In the end, in thehouse, we are responsible as organizer for the health of thousands of people”.
Because if tens of thousands of people were embarrassed on the concentration and on inhabitants, minimum distances, hygiene rules, and contact tracing, could not have been observed under the current coronass protection regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring cost would increase disproportionately.
Rumberg replaced next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, including with the winter mountain festival on 7th to 9th May 2021 and the Saxonic Day from 10th to 12th September 2020.
Dressur Olympics winner Werth will not beat in Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic victory Isabell Werth was the superior rider at the Dressur Tournament in the Austrian Achleiten.
The 51-year-old thriller from Rheinberg came to four victories with a four-starting team at the weekend.
When she faced with Weihegold and Quantaz, she was not chilling a handout either in the Grand Prix Special or at Kür on Sunday.
On Sunday, on the 15-year-old Porta Bowlion, Werth strongly attained opposition by the Austrian ex-Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abeggleshen.
Even in short, on Saturday on Quantaz, the German Union was clearly there because of its 34-year old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer.
Wüth’s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The world's most successful dressage rider will introduce the 10 history hip final in the Grand Prix.
It was the very first shortfall in Quantaz.
At the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all the major three challenges.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser Hochschule continues to deliver the biggest freedom of the aerobatics industry: The “DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung” has been a Professor for Air Traffic Management.
Its agreement between the college and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The treaty was first concluded for three years and will begin in 2021.
This level of lecture allows the beginnings not only in the summer but also in the winter semester.
With that, twice as many students can be educated as they have been thus far.
At the same time, capacities in both the university and the AR academy of the DFS are being equally utilized.
The DFS will advise the selected academies in the establishment and appointment of professors.
Represented at the university since 2019.
The first students have been at the Air Traffic Management study course in the course of their training to be measurement at the University of Worms.
Nine students have started this year.
Up till now, the experience of the DFS it has been very positive; the performance of students is excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training therefore contribute to the further increases in the attractiveness of the pilfer profession.
"In these times, support is not easy for our economy.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to continue to fulfil our obligation in the near future, we need highly qualified personnel", said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, President of the DFS Bureau at the signing of the contract.
“For the DFS, the Foundation profession is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with one broad, cross-certain knowledge base in the long run.
We are therefore continuing to engage with our higher education and, at the same time, sustainable our attractiveness as an employer”.
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
With it we would like to follow up the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual bachelorus course Air Traffic Management".
The Trust of Deutsche Air Traffic Insurance AG was also a conditions for the Network State in Worms's Motivation and Obligation to further develop the teaching and research competence in the future of air transport.
In the university’s advocacy for our air traffic conglomerates, the société, with its first postgrowing professorship, will be able to put special highlights and innovative measures
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, said: "The University of Worms, within the field of air transport, has a narrative at Rheinland-Pfalz.
Today’s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the higher education industry”.
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
On saturday morning A 45 motorway to the direction of Aschaffenburg was completely barred, since it was operating in the city after a traffic accident.
With a Ford, a 76-year-old went to the curve towards 12.40 hrs at the Alzenau-Mitte exit and landed on the base flak.
The impact would lead to the frontairbags, whereby the driver was suffering minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72-year old cabin were supplied by the emergency facilitator and the patient then flown to hospital after the rescue helicopter.
However, at present the police assume that there is no danger to living.
The damaged vehicle, which resulted in 2% damage, needed to be ticked off.
Health is about examining other sectors after the meat industry
The corona crisis yet again raised conditions in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is about to take place.
But are they right - and will they stay there?
The German Minister of Employment, Hubertus Heil (SPD),änd will compliance with the current strict rules on maladministration in the meat industry, will review other sectors.
"We shall consider our business industry and take suitable measures for any industry whenever necessary," he explains the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning about limiting work contracts in general.
From the massive corona outbreak at the cliff of Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the federal cabinet intends to file a laws of medicine on Millennium on Thursday.
Large slaughter fatties should no longer be allowed to employ external staff for slaughtering, breaking and processing meat.
In order to do so, the use of work contracts and temporary workers would be banned.
Employment President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: 'Finger away from general restrictions on work contracts and employee levy unless you want to totally stoichead the economy'.
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"The individual's misdeeds should not destroy such an important instrument."
Healt assured: "My goal is not to ban work contracts everywhere in the German economy".
Work contracts make sense.
"When an industrial company asks a craftsman to install a safety system this's a very normal contract for works."
The German meat industry considers that a ban on work contracts and temporary work by its sole objective is unconstitutional.
It is not textable why, in the future, the export and packaging of cheese should have a different working law so than what is true of sausages, the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" said in an opinion on the legislative proposal.
If a ban were executed, the price would rise by 10 to 20 percent per product.
Many Eastern European workers from contract Companies have developed some 16 hours a day in the sector, the results of an survey conducted by the NRW Labour Development Administration.
They often had no break.
Wages have been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It has also been stated that the situation of housing employees was often miserable.
Hil said that in 2017 a relatively strict law came into force for the meat industry.
"tricky constructions" had taken over them.
"Now must be fundamentally cleaned up."
The political man commented deliberately that 'In the employment protection law, which we wish to vote in the Cabinet at the end of July, measures not only concern the meat sector - for example, higher tests over employment protection or clear criteria for
This draft encompasses the amendments to the law on the protection of labour rights in the meat industry and the employment protection law.
Brandenburg’s Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) favours a more intense check.
"I would like us to do even more checks in many studies: Food controls, animal protection, everything possible, for example animal transport," Nonnemacher said on Sunday at the Souvenirs Brandenburg Recent Session.
But more personnel will also be required for more controls.
3 deaths in all aircraft crash in Germany
When a utraliac particle plane crashes to a multi-family-basehouse in Wesel in the German federal state of North Rhine Westfalen, reports that three people have died since at leating
A child was slightly injured.
Two other people were being saved following the fade, said a spokesman from the Wessel District Council.
A parachute was found at the Accident Centre, according to the police.
The 'Rheinische Post' reported with eye witness to the fact that the airplane had been clouded with a hot air balloon, prior to the crash.
The house is made up of one or two family home.
For further details, it was not known.
Clearing Frankfurt Operenplatz peacefully
On Sunday a week after the riots in Frankfurt, the evening opera square released peacefully.
The last few dozens of people were still in the square, but left it at 1 a.m. before the breakout height started.
The police have been working with numerous officials ever since the early evening, in the urban area a wider response.
For the first time on Middle-Night, there was a ban on entering the Opera Station at which cawls had been heavened some way a week ago.
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrators.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
The night to Saturday was also quiet.
Car breaks: Young woman seriously injured with result of accidents on Federal road 83 with Hofgeismar
One 21-year-old on Sunday, at 13.25 p.m., suffered serious injuries in an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme.
She was brought to the clinic Kassel.
With heat imaging cameras the fire brigade was looking for potential fellow riders.
According to police, the woman spends 83 towards her home town, as her car came down from the railroad for so far unknown causes and had proven to have crossed several accidents.
In order to rescue accidents the loht and fire department had to cut the car roof up.
Since it was unclear whether you were in the vehicle, the adjacent maize field was moved the driver from the camera with a CRRK.
The drone steel from Warburg, which also works with the thermal image cameras, was also ordered for the search for persons.
The application forces, however, found no one between the high maize plants.
The serious injuries were brought to the reversal, via the carriage to the clinic in Kassel.
Nearly 50 signal forces of Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg were on the grounds.
The federal street was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a returnable goal from Cristiano Ronaldo, the recorded Joventus Turin secured the Italian Championship in film series for the ninth time.
The piece of the team around the five-timer World Soccer made the total 36th Scudetto developing in the kitchen history, with a 2:0 (1:0) on Sunday evening in the home game against Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo met to 1:0 before middle.
With 83 points, Turin, which yet won’t encounter the last serious hurting former international athlete Sami Khedira, is no longer marketing out of place on two days before the end of the A season.
The table channels page in Inter Milan are seven points behind.
Juventus was, despite being the prime optical superiority, harmless during the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free-flight variant.
Much of Miralem Pjanic consumed the 35 year old on the plaspace border directly with a flat shot (45.+7).
With the more proactive boards, Ronaldo was also involved in 2:0, and Fedurico Bernardeschi (67).
That has ensured the brilliant but crucial success.
The telescope with a flux-meter was locked to the lifts in the 89th minute, and only Ronaldo himself felt back to the turnaround value.
"It is complicated to remain mentally and physically on ball heigh for 90 minutes.
The hides are strange and the momentum changes very easily,” said coach Maurizio Sarri after 1:2 at Udiniane Calcio on Thursday.
The spiritual exhaustion of his players is great every year, said the Juve Coach.
The Turine's defeat meant that the renaissance had stilln't been effective.
Its ultimate reassuring lead facing the top of the table was most importantly due to the weakness of the competition.
After all, the Sarri team had only reached five victories in the 11 points before the game on Sunday.
Whether Ronaldo will also become a Torship King is doubtful.
For while the Portuguese speaker so far holds 31 goals, former stakeholders, Ciro Immobile and other DLM owners, had already 34 players at Hellas Verona at their 5:1 (1:1-1 of the DBG), as many as Robert Lewandowski
The record in Italy is hosted by current Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentine scores 36 days for the SSC Naples in the 2015/2016 season.
In August the next chance for the "Altes Lady" of Italian football is awaited.
Juventus is standing at the eighth Finals of the Champions League, but a 0:1 playgap must be held on 7 August towards Olympic Lyon in order to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
Real Madrid or Manchester City will be playing an opponent in the next round of K.O.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal author races covered
Stuttgart - In spite of all the threatened capital penalties and ruleis, drivers still give gas in numerous illegal races on the Baden-Württembergic streets: last year and the first four months in the U.S. this year, the police in the south-west registered over 250
Comparer values in the years before a work management effort is not there, but the law agencies are working their profession on accumulation: as regards the public prosecutors between Konstanz and Mannheim, a total of 155 cases were carried out
The race agreed to give less attention to organized events, as reflected in the reply by the Ministry of the Interior to a request from Landtags-SPD.
In most cases, drivers are 'specially' targeted, or they have taken aspirations from the police - this is also seen as illegal races.
A man hairdryer said, in particular, that German men were between 18 and 60 years old.
113 fines - 15 times imprisonment
Only in relatively beautiful cases the rasers are caught and farmers are claimed to take off. According to the Ministry for the Interior, a total of 113 fines have been spent since 2018, and 15 pronun
However, there are no indications that the number of illegal testers is actually increasing.
Rather, drivers reacted more approaching than preceded because of time, largely tragic accidents and processes over the past years, and they were very often appealing. The Minister said.
Most popular with Rasern is Autobahn 8.Get a constantly strained Drivers from there to make space and use the treatment of hotspots for a race.
In August, a dozen drivers were caught under precipitation near Kirchhaem, with 18 drivers on the A8 at Merklingen 3 months earlier.
A 81 is the most popular "race track"
The police even register more races on the A81 than on any other federal highway.
A tempolim is used to streamline raisers as part of the particularly affected section between cures and geys.
The most popular, high-priced sports and luxury cars are consultants of Swiss reasonably because drivers are turning to Germany for the number of roadbikes and birthbusinesses in neighbouring countries, due to the high penalties incurred in5).
For the SPD, the speed limit should not be reduced to a few routes: "With a general speed of 130 kilometres we would manage this problem on motorways", says Martin Rivoir, the Transport experts in the SPD helicop
"The barriers for rasers would be significantly higher if we would not be pleased to be traveling here at 200 km/h and more."
Rivoir less finds out of information or image campaigns:"Whoever infringes each rule in such a way, puting at stake not just the own life but also the life of other road users, is generally little bit on the
ADAC calls for stronger scrutiny between the police
At ADAC this is not enough: "Our assumption is that bets cannot be disguised by temperatures", says Holger Bach, three Commissioners for Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and harsher controls on the routes concerned.
Not infrequently the racing figure ours is more painful and following serious: since January 2019 and April 2020, three people died at local level, two of them victims at one night crash in Stuttgart’s city centre and one in Gerlingen.
Two young men were expected to have delivered their bodies there in November.
One of the vehicles was outside the streets, spoiled against a garden wall and remained on the side of the 18-year old passenger who died.
21 additional people have been injured in the races of the past two years.
In the opinion of internal minister Thomas Strol, the indeed, the §12 Incident Directive no longer applies to authorisations to the lack of law. 'There is no requirement for legislative action to sanction illegal car rac
Blue light of July 23: Thirsty single cruiser steals drinks from snack.
Rohrdorf: A man entered a bummer in Rohrdorf (Circle Calw) on Thursday and stole drinks and cash.
One witness heard noises in the Valley street at 3.40am – and endured in the direction of the reception call.
There he noticed a man sitially taking the frettee with drinks and then left the umbrella after having had been denied as an entrance door today.
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind the snack.
According to the police, the crusher also made an effort to receive cash and steeled cash in a low three-digit fraction.
The suspect is described as follows: this is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters high and with strong façade.
During the case he wore a black cover pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
Further witnesses are received by the police.
Ackermann tarkes to the final stage victory of the Sibiu Tour
Radprofis Pascal Ackermann has won his second day victory performed at the kick out stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour.
The 26 year old paaltry set up by the team Bora-hansgrohe on the 109 km – a opera and to go to it in the mass Sprint. He had already won a stage on Saturday.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian family member Gregor Mühlberger won the prize in overall research.
In the morning, the 26-year old had decided to drive up the mountain and thus took pride in the classement.
Only 104 cars traded for the final stage in the evening.
No less than 18 starters in mountain time had fallen victim to the time limit.
"I am really happy to begin the scheduled restart-of-season with a victory," Ackermann said after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
He used little, perfectest wrought climbing to 300 meters before the finish"...
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
Participants at the start and finish were not admitted.
Laid rehabilitation instruction
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident in Düsseldorf-Garath on Sunday afternoon.
In a multi-family house a child (4) was suddenly who was jamping in the water.
According to the fire brigade, the emergency call arrived at 1 p.m.
“A pointing component immediately told shale rehabilitation,” a fire-fighting speaker said to BILD.
The receiving rescue workers took over the recovery measures little later.
The child exponended to life at risk is modified and transferred to the university hospital under renovation.
The reason why it happened is unclear.
The police incurred a routine investigation into the accident.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: Tung meeting - police intervene, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and, at times, over 1000 people participated in smoking session at the furniture accommodation reserve on Saturday night.
The police carried out their announcements to extend monitoring of such events.
A nice tuning meeting was held on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg’s Old Town.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to the police in Central France an increasing volume of vehicles in the area of a large parking place in Ingolstädter Strasse was noted at 2.30pm by the Traffic Policy of Nuremberg.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
Only recently the police announced that they would benefit from more action against so-called carponsors.
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: Only a small part of "scene"
Officials counted to the head approximately 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, the police stated.
However, only a small share of those present in the ‘Autopomer’ and tuning scene must be listed here.
It seems that most of the relevant story came from the Palician appeal.
The work of the local road used to be presumed most of the vehicles and persons involved two consequences.
In addition, the majority of those present abstained from existing regulations on infection protection, in particular at minimum distance and knowledge of uses of mouth nose protection.
Control measures carried out locally ended at 1 a.m. ;
In total, the staff made such any changes for the construction of 10 vehicles that the operational permission had been desecrated.
Four of these vehicles had to be seized.
No authors
There were no illegal author races.
"The police bureau of Central France will keep grassroots and will continue to carry out the efforts to secure control, including in connection with the arrival of victims,"
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schröder about the world clothes trade firm involved: "They all enjoy beautiful rims, which we must not scratch," stated Schrödinger.
Special bonds would be used for that purpose.
Even because the cars are wider, the company must take care not to damage.
"Young people are meant to get their cars back without any harm".
Labour Agency figures: 900 cases of suspected abuse of short-living messages
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
This is extremely little in the light of more than 880,000 companies that have addressed short-time research", said the Transport training manager Daniel Terzenbach, who is responsible for the the operational business, of the "Frankfurter GeneralZeitung
When a lot of firms suddenly applied for short work at the beginning of the Corona crisis, they had to respond quickly.
Normally the test lasts up to three weeks.
"It made no time available to us in this very hot regime.
That is why we will give a closer look at the final purse.
There will surely be results.
We are not naive and have a long breath'.
Indicators of abuse often come from staff or trade unions concerned.
In addition, the BA software uses audit software to identify patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of bankruptcies in the autumn.
“Will there be significantly more bankruptcies than last year?
The assessments differ, but we are radically bowling to the case and are already training our employees in the employment agencies to deal with insolvency payment applications.
The numbers are still invisible, terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party in the New Gardenolved
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 adolescents celebrated a party in the New Garden.
It was disbanded at 8.48 p.m. by the walking riders of the Prussian castles and gardens Foundation (SPSG), informed the Foundation at the request of PNN.
Young people then left the park.
On Saturday evening some young people would spend the new garden Ruggy.
The meadow had been stripped by route-free, said SPSG spokesperson Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and again illegal lives in the parks.
In the parks of the foundation, there are certain meetings where the distance and hygiene rules of the Civid-19 course are not met.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without the Corona order, the parks are closed when darkness erupts.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The foundation has long complained that visitors will get up with emissions and destroy protected biotopes.
In Berlin, meanwhile, illegal park parties have reached a changed dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln, during the night, 5,000 people celebrated an illegal techno-party during the night.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass testing after Corona austruction in tourist venues
Hundreds of test sessions arising from authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48, as notified by the national authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were still expected in the evening.
Therefore, many of the infected are young trainees in tourism businesses, but at least one tourist request has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
CANCELL address was set at 11 p.m.
"There are cancellations and cancellations" as the head of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Legion, Hans Wieser, said.
Individual guests will also be abandoned.
St. Wolfgang is the most important touristic place of Upper Austria, with over 400,000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season, around one third of the Guests are Germans.
The first infections were seen on Friday.
The leader of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the interns who participated in several places and may have been infected there on weekends.
"We all liked to do that in our youth," he said to Radio's ZF1 broadcasting company.
However, two bars were closed on Friday to prevent additional infections.
The Tourist Union launched an information campaign to increase awareness among young people about the dangers of Covid-19.
From Saturday Hundreds of employees, tourists and locals have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
The outbreak of the system makes memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl- in Tyrol, who was a center for the rippling of the Corona into Europe during the initial phase of the pandemic.
Over 1500 people are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
Main new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualify for Champions League
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
The Red Devils secured the third point for the Premier Leagueth on its METEdition Table previously during the second day 2009 with a 2:0 (0:0) success against Leicester City.
These Foxes must now be content with the Europa League, because for the forthcoming FC Chileana in the fourth instance they still also qualified for their candidates for the Opposite Class.
Aston Villa was allowed to escort in the fight against the descent.
Manchester United took the lead by a "plunge" of Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
“This means much me,” said Mr. Frank Lampard, who is also in the end of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach.
Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspire, which joined the Wolves with a leak 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and started as the sixth and sixth at the Europa League.
Aston Villa therefore opted to join FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, but had to amount tackling for a long time at West Ham United for more explanation.
The late leadership of Jack Grealish (84th) immediately Terminus Andrew Jarmoleklenko (85th).
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club, which three young coaches in the season, is starting to increase for five first-latest competitions.
Much like Bournemouth, which could’t save himself by 3:1 (2:1) at the FC Everton.
At the end a point was missing.
The FC Lerpool which is already held in the English place since the end of June secured an integrated record with a 3:1 (1:1) victory for Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest points the reds have ever achieved in a soccer season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the two pair of pointscs in English soccer.
The best brands are held by Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/18 season.
Following the first-minute leadership, Virgil van Dijk (38th), Divock Origi (59th) and Sadio Mané (89th) the title played on Sunday for Liverpool.
“For that amazing club it was an extraordinary season”, stated Torschaetter van Dijk after the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It will be difficult”.
In the end, Prime League bosses may also be pleased.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the football operation in England had been suspended from March 13 to June 17.
In the meantime too, there was even fear of early brushing in or ordering the remaining games on neutral soil.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against the head of government Netanyahu are becoming more forceful.
There have been violent clashes at night.
The Israeli police forces have violently acted in Jerusalem by the night of Sunday against action against participants of a demonstration against the right-wing conservatives Chief, Benjamin Netanyahu.
12 people were arrested for participating in unrest, informed police advisers Micky Rosenfeld.
The police used astrological hakers, among other things, to disarray the scandal.
According to media reports, around 6,000 people around Netanyahu's time allowed establishment on Saturday evening.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, foggy in horns and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Participants in a mutual demonstration who supported Netanyahu were also held arrested, reporting the news page 'ynet' .
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including from the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city Caesarea, along with a park in Tel Aviv.
An attainee of a man was arrested according to forces near Tel Aviv of the suspicion of carrying a car pepper spray on those who experienced the street front.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly injured at the neck.
There have been frequent demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The bombardments are accompanying the corruption process against the head of government.
Last, Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among his borders, he has been accused of premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
Ultimately, the unemployment rate was more than 20 percent.
The number of new infections with the coronavirus in Israel has recently risen to increasingly low levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporters arrives at a car - nine injured - Ruhrgegebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A attending incident demanded nine light injured involved on Saturday afternoon on the B58 in Ahlen.
An authorist had travelled with her two children (3,5) in the direction of Beckum.
Police: "probably she had suddenly bracked because she wanted to turn off".
It seems that the driver of a Mercedes transporter who was behind her has to be seen too late.
He came to the back of the car.
With the accident, three passengers in the car and six have been slightly injured in the transporter.
They brought them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea resorts border town after Corona suspected
North Korea perceived hitherto "a shining success" in its own measures to combat the Coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Because of a first official Corona suspicion in the country, North Korea has completely closed out a large tower for fear of a catastrophe.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months ''the malicious virus could have been smuggled into the country,” the state media reported.
The period of emergency occurred for the region around the border city of Kaesong.
The Communist leaders called the highest alarm level.
If the suspected case is confirmed, it would be the first official case of SARS CoV-2 infection in the c established country.
North Korea had not yet registered any babe as, according to its own report, and has described its defensive measures as a 'shining success'.
The figures have been doubted abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms were identified with an extinction, who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person deported to South Korea three years ago and has now returned across the border.
South Korea initially failed to have assertions about the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely still dismantled military buffer zone.
However, according to reports by Yonhap, South Korea’s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea to be high.
There have been investigations into some people.
North Korea asked for an emergency meeting of the Labor Party Politburo chaired by Kim Jong Un, according to figures given on its own day on possible suspicions.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive disaster".
Kim asked on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong entirely and to isolate every district and the region from others", indeed said.
The applicant, as well as all people in Kaesong who have had contact with their system, had been quarantined.
The Party’s main military commission is therefore designed to inspect the "eruption" and the behavior of the responsible military unit and to impose, ifable, hard sentence.
According to estimates around 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Brappage ahead of the Council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer rest.
"In addition to environmental issues, board members will also vote on, among others, the development plan for the major project Centre Development-East", it was conventionally given as an offspring in the central part of the urban press release for the the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 July at 16:30 in the Grand
What these entail about, for example, the appreciation of the eastern city continue to be discussed controversially until the very end.
The majority for this is compelling, most recently votes against in individual committees, depending on where they are present.
A call from the economy (construction, real estate, trade and IT) to fail the project - whether from citizenship and then from council of states and surgery after nearly ten years of preparation - criticised enemies Reinhard Klein as "extra parliamentary opposition", "noninsense", "spe
"All meaning, it will be better," says Klein, a member of the local council for a year as the only representative of the "Pforzheim Citizens' List".
In fact, Rachouly, having read the Treaties, is in this position: “I know what I am talking about”.
The exception is cheaper for the city and the technical attractions with regard to subsidies from the town administerment, within which 80% praise is baffled, now that Klein Vuchower is motor veh
The city will develop very differently from forecasting the town hall and the supporters of world economic affairs.
Designing the city by its own strength and not by its own investors: his plan B. One day on top of the Galliag forcement board that the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group also rejected the project is an alternative concept.
It also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall, the opening of the cavalside, the reitherance of the Ex d 42 for administrative areas and a smaller city reorganisation, ideally with local parking facilities.
Environmental topics play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The Council of municipal civil government will, among others, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes several measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road traffic, including quite frequently back to temporary reduced prices.
In a press release, the locally held Transport Club, Germany, welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, but the serious leaders of the city are not innocent of this because, through negligence in lines road traffic and bit promotes bicycle transport, they only contributed to a massive increase in coach traffic and the fear of
The municipal council is also voting on the involvement of the city of the energy and climate protection agency of Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Also on the agenda is the launch of accession to the climate agreement of Baden-Wurttemberg, the redefining of parental contributions to the municipal nursery systems and the application for inclusion in the Federal Smart-City support scheme.
Citizens are welcome, but do have to heed Corona protection measures.
Tim Zimmermann entered the new season with a long delay
With almost half a year delay Tim Zimmermann starts his Premiere Season to the ADAC GT Masters on July 31, 2009.
The first tests took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operations.
For Zimmermann, the main purpose was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 24-year-old Langenargen rotated his first rounds on the Lausitzring and was horrified to his premiere in the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"ABS has to rotate differently, for example.
But it was really a lot of fun too.
Zimmermann also funshipped with Steijn Schothorst with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Despite the short wealth of its life only, already he was enlisted in the GT sport and he was able to help his new team colleague in many ways.
"I am not a beginner in motor sport but each new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I get blind and we did enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
At the Lausitzring, the GT Masters will also have its first race.
On 31st July, the 33 super sports cars will be ignited by the Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was most recently a guest in the motodrom.
"It worked fast and I had to get used to little", says Zimmermann, who starts for the Friedrichshafen Racing Community Count Zeppelin.
"Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to surprise optimally to be rapid".
So how fast Zimmerman' s case really is - it turns out in two weeks.
“Of course teams poker a bit at the tests,” he was saying.
" Finally we are very satisfied and are looking forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a dense calendar.
By the beginning of November seven races are set.
Currently, an audience will not be allowed - but there will be a prominent guest.
In mid-August on the Nürburgring, ex-Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will be by nature direct defense in the GT Lenkrad.
UK Minister for Transport of Quaarantine Cold
The decision of the British government to quarantine whether it will be responsible for Spain closer to two weeks after returning, according to press reports that the country’s transport minister picked up coldly.
Thus, Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, while his colleagues at home agreed the measure on Saturday.
Due to the growing Corona figure in Spain, the cabinet in London removed the country from the list of countries with the ability to enter discounted conditions.
The new regime will apply as of today, Sunday, and with that shapps will also need to be asked to return to quarantine after his return.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
The scheme applies to those who are only on the damday, but only on Saturday, August 1, and they were not introduced overnight.
By the way, Spain has assessed in Austria as one of the 'safe countries' which do not require quarantine of Austria.
"Mny Ministers are likely to have known in advance that there is a possibility of the QUarantine imposed for the holiday country," for Labour member Diane Abbot, goesned.
"But apparently nobody took the trouble to  Aleko Stamps".
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists particularly blame nightlife for the renewed spread.
Spain is one of the most loving holiday in Britain.
Barrier to continental Spain, the UN Council is advising the incorrect visit of the UK Government without the Canaries and the Balearics , which are particularly popular among British tourists.
Compared to more than 272,000 infections have been reported in Spain with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for war blosses
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that military ship get westernly equipped with the most modern hyperson systems when the air borne in his country.
These unique weapons in the world would extend Russian maritime forces’ struggle capability, Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central marine parade.
According to the Department of Defence, Interfax reported quick tests by the Hyperscallacke Zirkon, which was built for the Navy.
The hypersonic weapons have many times the sensory speed of around 343 meters per second.
They are regarded as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedo will be further built
It is said that there is also further construction at the nuclar embedded subwater pedo Pose Simon.
Plantedaway sewerage projects are planned for destroying coastal targets.
The President, who also divroduced a military boat, said that this year alone 40 new ships would be released directly into the fleet federations of the largest country in the world.
Russia has a coastal area as big as any other country in the world.
The Navy has been promising Russia for 300 years, said Putin on the day that Matrosen nationally celebrated.
However,even in many other Russian coastal places, the seas’ forces tampled the marine day with parades.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting from each other, alongside leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated its strength with a search in the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Munitions were also fired there.
In a video released by the Defence Ministry, not only were warships, including a submarine, but also combat helicopters and jets.
Hurricane Hanna reaches Texas: aid complicated by Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year’s season above the Atlantic has realised land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds and rainy rain now could even threaten parts of the US state, informed the Natural Hurricane Center of the US Climate Agency “NOAA” the night and Sunday (populat
Regional Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for numerous districts.
The Texas-brown-fabricated corona pandemic complicated the work of the workers, says Abbott, according to US media.
Evacuated for caution
"Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicles".
As for the hurricane in Texas, he added: "What is complicated and is exacerbated when you consider that it is contracted by an area that is most affected by Covid-19).
According to Johns-Hopkins University, around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott urged people who had to leave their homes to be prudent.
They should not disregard practices to 'we have used to', such as masks must carry, say the governor according to the station CBS.
It is important that everyone refrained.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
Foreign mobilisation should also be tested at Corona in emergency shelters.
Damage had initially only been reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning
At wind speeds of up to 150 km/h, "Hanna" would have arrived in a country , according to authorities for the island of Padre Island right befront of the Texan coast, according to
The tropical storm was previously the hurricane of the lowest level one.
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm flood warning was initially issued and later withdrawn.
Authorities expected a weakening while Hanna goes further inland and approach northern Mexico.
"Douglas" moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, hurricane had launched Chinese children in the night at wind speeds of around 150 km per hour.
The Hurricane Center, however, expected that it would deteriorate further.
Timores say that he is due to be near the major islands of Hawaii on Sunday (local time) when he is located - saddle below the hurricane threshold.
More over the Atlantic this year, according to forecasts from May, NOAA looked forward to a hurricane season above average.
Up to ten hurricanes are expected from June to the end of November, up to six very powerful cyclones of which can be considered.
This led to an average share of 6 fuel hurricanes over the Atlantic per year, three of which develop towards high materials.
Given available climate data and the higher threat in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the probability of a normal season is only 30 percent more than a €10% below average.
President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his government monitors the odds closely and is in contact with the affected federal states.
Four gates missed: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were denied two Goals of AIDS
Naples - Four headaches achieved, four gates zwil unter krnenk: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a swag black evening at 0:2 (0:1) at SSC Naples in Italian soccer League Serie A - and was
"Any festival given goals for Sassuolo.
“The VAR has never been so high on a team,” says Corriere dello Sport. "
Host Naples was lead by a door from external defensive Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic benefited the balance.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again into the net - the VAR again generated.
Also the doors of activist Frank Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61st) took back the team of referee after VAR referral.
In the poster time, Allan made the 2:0 adjustment for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology will make records, declared the “Gazzetta dello Sport”.
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
subsequently, after a short vacation and a few days of training, Hansi Flick tonightus regards for following first team training how he could redevelop his successful defense after the injury of World Ch
The francise, who has the third most deployment minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and theief-Cover chief Joshua Kimmich, suffered a violation on the left's foot and threatens to be left out in decisive roy
In Munich's Blackout weather, the right defender erased a training game and was driven away by a golf ticket.
It is now clear how long it is the unrestricted tribe player who intends to queue in the battle for the title.
A race to bet for the eighth final match against the FC Chelsea on August 8 is hard to play, on August 12th, the 24th century will be awaited in Lisbon.
However, the Bavarians do not want to be able to get bogged down from Sunday’s training terms.
Flick in his personal impact formula mentioned the three attributes that he wants to see from his stars on the way to Portugal’s capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration should show a victory-hungry title collector in the ideally following 28 days until the Grand Class Final Vanish on August 23.
"We’ve successfully mastered the tasks with championship and recharges.
Now it is time to create the extraordinary remarks", said Mr Fick.
Until Munich can fourth place the final tournament of the Guelanese Bundesverband Bund d’Autobahn (TQC) and preceding a training camp on the Algarve, the part tomorrow with eight-final features behind FC Chelsea.
At the 3:0 changing in the tire before the Corona break, the Hmarkers should not become a Bavarian nightmare again as in the lost final yet.
We first have to walk through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and to refuel confidence with a good game", Finanzmärkte France referred.
A vote test stands on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
In a long speech, Flick immemorialized his stars, who have had some 13 days’ holidays after the double, to a one-off August.
He welcomed 31 players on the Säbener Straße, including the new players around precious buying Leroy Sané, who first met all new colleagues on the place following his patterns from Manchester City.
"Leroy copied quite well like all new things," reported Flick.
But instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. can't be highly jokes, Fick preferred to talk about the current title project of the German series championship.
After days of individual and smallner training, we are thereby training competitions in the teamforce of Londoners who are rhythms compared to the Flick ensemble.
Followsing that, there may be a quarter final farther in Munich against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, a semi-final fully ran over with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin identifying
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not that easy", added the head coach, who can rely on the services of his new Assistant, Miroslav Klose, in the training from Tuesday.
The post Coordinator Klose and Flick know about some level of joint tournament preparations primarily because it is important for 0-to-100 meeting.
With his current team, the work is “a pleasure,” applauded Fick.
The Focus on Winners is an impressive character of his team.
On Sunday, the tournament with teams of nine hast with a great amount of skill.
Among the stockholders there were all these operators, including the participant thiago and defender David Alaba, who turned out to be less than Kingdom class seasons.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to bolster our world champion
Since it cannot be driven on the required number of continents, the FIA has to improvise to award the time table.
All American races have been cancelled.
Renn calendar is becoming more concrete
The race calendar for the current Formula 1 season takes the best shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
In October the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portimão in Portugal are planned for transport on time.
On November 1, Lewis Hamilton and Co. fight WM points on the Italian traditional race race track in Impola.
This brings you 13 races according to the current stand, set in the race calendar for 2020.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
Overall, 15 to 18 races will be found at the 9500-50k class of motor sports in this exceptional season.
Total Formula One wants to finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Both the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December could, according to media reports, still be performed in Vietnam and Malaysia by the end of November.
The Rules require races on three continents
The rules for the Formula 1 allow world championships, however, at least one race on three continents.
Even if, as is, currently planning only two continents, there must be a world champion.
By means of a special rule the FIA wants to award the title pursuant to exceptional circumstances, for the coronavirus case.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in a short-term due to the evolving corona crisis.
It is no issue to return to the continent this year.
Furthermore, the Formula 1 will not be staying in America this year.
Rejection in Brazil
In the sensations of Corona the races in Canada, the USA, Mexico and Brazil will not take place.
"We are looking forward to being back with them in the next season", explained Carey.
Refusal of the America races came criticism particularly in Brazil: "We did not be surprised but we cannot accept the reasons by it", said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
Thus the infection level in the São Paulo region is much lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Furthermore, some teams’ fear of not wanting to drive in Brazil would not justify rejoicing.
We should be prepared for the required safety measures.
Greta Thunberg: Eye to Donald Trump goes around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her encounter with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest in Stephen Colbert’s well-known streetmapping show on video and interview she undertook what she had a treatment in her meeting with Donald Trump.
A high-splendid CCD called GRETA Thunberg was a guest in a popular timeline show in the USA.
Among other things, she spoke of her fight against the powers of the world.
The teenager also talked about her famous “baby look” during her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - In the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has falled to attention with her tireless cellancing on the Fridays For Future movement.
She is now talking about her future plans in a well-known Latenight show, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN Climate Summit last year.
Latentight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17 year old Thunberg on Tuesday in her company and conducted a longer interview with Swedin.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the powers of the world.
“There are some things that surprised me”, she said.
“How far people go to help drive a distance from the climate crisis”, shaken them.
"All from organized hate campaigns to threats, only because a group of children get to the street", she has experienced.
Heads of States and politicians who fend their heads of state ("classy"), or even try to silence them, in social media is "glad" because you show the suppositions "as they have no other answer to them
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the UN climate-change summit in New York (New York), for which the activist sailed across the Atlantic, she saw the cameras open out his mind and stepped up by numerous individuals on the Internet.
A brief clip brought a GIF - an animated image that eventually became one of the most used images for Trump opponents.
But what was the 17-year-olds thinking about the US president at that moment?
To the relatively open question posed by Stephen Colbert, she replied quite briefly and drily 'to be honest, I do not think that there is any requirement for further clarification'.
The experienced satirist Colbert needed a flawed feel, yet soon to shift from the image.
She responded with the inclusion of her “How do you?” speech on the principles of climate change at the climate conference.
Ex Dortmund Immobile with three-pack for Lazio Rome.
Ciro Immobile is now operating in Europe’s Golden Shoe race on the same day as Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile still has the best chance of becoming a tortoise king at the Italian football championship.
The former BVB's professor was Contributing this challenge at the 5:1 (1:1) victory of Lazio Rome in Hellas Verona with three match casting conclusions; among them they were two transfor
Thus, the 30 year-old, from the table ́s fourth two season races before the end, cast 34 seasonlists from its account – the same number of Robert Letowski from FC Bayern Munich had him at his last Belgian club in the past century.
In Italy you'll follow Cristiano Ronaldo with 30 goals so far, the Portuguese Superstar meeting with the finished state manager in the evening, Magadenzo Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green
His life was like a roller coaster journey. After a rapid climax death with Fleetwood Mac, they dropped into the bottom and then slowly up again.
Now, the Bluesrock guitarri-ist by Peter Green has died at the age of 73.
ederal guitarist, drugs-junkie, cult follower: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died in sleep peacefully at the age of 73, information was sent on Saturday in an official opinion, that further opinions would be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton esteemed Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a “monumental loss” for all of the former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green founded the already legendary band in London in 1967. Continental actor: Greateryle Bleetwood (1964).
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green rose fast with Fleetwood Mac - but the band also celebrated its biggest successes without him.
This was a dispute because Green wanted to donate all the Group's while (the Euyes Social Group).
He began to acting in large walls and with a large crucifix.
Mental problems are also to have played a part.
Three years after it was formed Green left the band in 1970.
A social decline followed.
The bluescry guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
For a long time, Green was treated in psychiatry.
For a large part of the 1970s, the musician abandoned his imagine.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish family in the London Danube of Bethnal Green.
Since then, he has been thrilled by both the British/American blues musicians like B. King, and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years, he learned his first guitar bands.
At the age of 15 he started playing professionally, and five years later he was given the opportunity to keep on stage as the lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners.
Just a little later, he became a replacement for his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreaker.
Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blue boom in the summer of 1967 along with his Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
The group, written by Green, came to the highest number one committee in the winter of 1968/69 and absolutely captured it to the head of the British music scene
The speedy rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not take over the media and his experiments with the drug LSD are becoming more and more extreme.
But later, in an interview, he commented on life between music and addiction: "The worst thing happened to me in life is the drugs - the best of the things to land on reference 1 hit". Regarding his love beyond, one of this
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Meanwhile, Fleetwood Mac without him swim on a wave of success combined with a new formation.
In 1977, the album “Romours” sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.
Despite different solo successes, Green did not make grand comicback until he re-engineered together with a group of friends of musicians in 1996.
The UK Daily Telegraph spoke at the time of a rock star returning to earth.
Green published some albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group free from drugs up until the band broke up in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
