Bikers react quickly and prevent worse
On Friday evening, a transport accident took place on the road between Mohelsheim and Merklingen, where a motorcyclist was just injured, thanks to his rapid reaction.
Driver Overlooks Bikers
A 44-year-old car driver wanted to get off at 21.30 a.m. with her VW from Merklingen: after the country road 1230, take the towards Kowolseim.
She overlooked the 24-year old Motorcycle Cyclists arriving from the direction of Nellingen.
Clusters hand and foot brake levers fly away
The biker tried to deviate the car, but caught it up at the rear area of the vehicle.
The stripes' pulled the hand- and foot brake levers at the suzuki, and the driver was no longer able to straighten it.
At the moment, he controlled his motorcycle in the greenstrips next to the tract and left them without any crash, anyway.
Biker
However, by collusion with the car the biker has infringed the position and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a porona-mass infection at a large vegetable farm in the Bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and cannot leave the housing.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest relief workers were post-run recently tested on the Corona-brother SARS-COV-2 again, as indicated by the County council of Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening.
"In order to avoid a further spreading we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the people," says Landrat Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees had already infected themselves during their production - this was the reason for the series test.
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red bedas – the cucumbers, but only for insulating glasses.
Mamming is a rural community with a population of 3300 and located close to Dingolfing with its big BMW plant.
Buseman appealed to the citizens to maintain rest: "According to our information it is a closed circle".
On the farm, infected people met from non-infected staff, the site is now surrounded by a anti-clock fence.
The Greens and the SPD shared individual responsibilities with the state government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of housing of seasonal workers.
"That can be seriously saying when these local infections have to start exploiting and regional lockslides are ordered," said Jürgen Mistol, the Parliamentary Director of the Greens.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"We believe that the question respective of hygiene conditions in the workplace and housing conditions must be rigorously monitored.
Clearly this has not happened."
The outbreak had come " with annual assertion".
Aidenbachstrasse subway station: Dangerous dispute: 19-year-old dump in the railkiting bed after Schubser.
In a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße underground station, a 19-year-old fell by a delay and slides into a cockpad.
Obersendling - On Friday theTube station Aidenbachstraße roted up a dispute between two youth groups to 16.15 a.m.
A passant alarmed the police, who went mad with multiple stripes.
According to first investigations, a Munich (17) shot a 19-year-old.
The young man slipped over the railway edge and fell into the iron bed.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no risk of an introducing railway.
As the police indicated, there are still further conflicts between the two people.
The 17-year-old flew from the place of death, but his personalities could then be returned to close.
At the corpse of his father he went to police inspection 29.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges longer retention of data
Data retention is currently suspended.
Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, after a media report, however demands an extension of the data accumulation period.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
The German Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer(CSU), following a media report, is calling for an extended data retention process - instead of the ten weeks it wishes to take on honourable years.
As the "image on Sunday" reported, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) asked in a letter for a fast legislative change.
Thus, Seehofer aims to strengthen measures against child abuse.
He considers it useful to make "urgent necessary adjustments in the law now" cites the newspaper from the letter.
At present, data retention is suspended.
A decision of the ECJ is expected to be taken.
However, Seehofer wants the change beforehand, so that they can be immediately applied after a positive judgment, as the report states.
A spokesman from the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it would be useful to determine whether there is a need for any adaptation if the courts had this choice.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with the Interior Ministers of the Länder, also anticipated safety of data in June.
NBA: Clippers Star Lou Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball professional of Los Angeles Clippers, should abandon the Tournament Quarter in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission to leave.
According to US media reports, he was still attendees to the "Magic City" strip club in Atlanta.
Williams, who should have admitted the visit according to EPLN statement, is returned to isloation, is tested daily on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings.
In February of last year, "Sweet Lou", as he is called in the NBA, expressed his love for specific Wings.
He wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another strip club in Atlanta, Anm. d. R) have the best wings in the city.
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
Thus, the Clippers Star misses the first two official games after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA intends to end the Corona season.
At present the best 22 teams are preparing the same training games at the season finals beginning this night on Friday.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be live on our website.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has harrimed public authorities and politicians.
On the big vegetable farm, nearly 500 crop producers from several countries are now working, and over one third is infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
Nobody is allowed to leave the ground, food is delivered.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As crop workers had little contact with the local population, the county council presumed the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Confidence": Confession of the alleged injury of Nantes
"My client has been cooperative," said the lawyer, Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: "Minely deplored the deeds, the confession was a liberation for him".
His mandate was "a confession and is very much defeated by the extent of destruction".
In the event of conviction, according to the public prosecutor a men would have ten years of prison and a fine of EUR 150 000.
The Gothic Sanct Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes was severely damaged during the night evening on Saturday of last week in a fire.
The fire had broken out at three away places in the church.
Laboratory exams hardened the suspicion of a fire foundation.
The suspect now in prison had already been arrested a few hours after the fire.
But he was released after a day.
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for closing the cathedral on the eve of the fire.
Since there was no trace of a violent incidence into the church, he quickly entered the spotlight of investigators.
Debate abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that consider abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the Commission establishes a reality", he warns of the "image on Sunday".
He said: "For the clubs which run the option of getting dangerous in Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules do not work anyway: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
Consequently, it will not fall around the discussion whether it is not necessary to facilitate the involvement of investors' associations wishing to break into this phalanx.
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the Federal League economy in a single European market", said Grindel.
The old DFB chief rightly displays the risk that "efforts to build a more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will ultimately only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not give rise
Even equal distribution of TV money will not have a decisive effect.
"FC Bayern represents a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
So the differences are enormous among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", said the 58-year-old.
Contrary to the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and got through the press, instead of addressing it," said Grindel about the take-up of an expensive clock that led to his resignation in April 2019.
"This has been a concern for me on a human basis".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I have committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences" said Grindel.
"I have dealt with the ominous watch present entirely transparently and terribly.
Many people in the DFB knew about it".
He never "made a help out of the present," assured the 58-year-old.
"This may be called naïve, at least this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
Black Lives Matter: injured and a death
Protests against police force in the United States have become worse by Donald Trump’s use of federal policemen in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities.
In Louisville, three people were injured, 16 people arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shot, while a demonstration train just crossed a crossroads.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including officials from the Federal Police, used tear gas on Saturday night, setting spectators off by force.
Hundreds of treaty demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and requested those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor to be held accountable.
The 26-year-old student was shot at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
A razziacnopic objective was someone else who did not live there, and no drugs were found.
When on Saturday a member of a group who called itself an armed alliance of black Americans shot off, three people were injured.
According to the sender NBC, they were brought to hospital.
None of them lived in danger of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
In the end, the two groups did not meet.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
The police, according to their own data, took a suspect in custody.
It has not provided any further details on the circumstances of the indeed.
As the New York Times,  Mayor Steve Adler informed himself, like many in the city, of being 'unconspicuous and capriculous' over what had happened.
In the US metropolis of Seattle, demonstrators found partnerships with the police on Saturday.
They put building cars in front of a young prison, the police used blind granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or injury.
In the city of Oakland in California, a court building was runneted.
A small group of demonstrators launched windows, fireworks shot and police officials branded with lasers, informed Oakland's police at the late Saturday night (local time).
The fire could be deleted quickly again.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car driven through a crowd demonstrated on a motorway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Also, new windows were flared there in a court, and a fire was laid, as the police told us.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes despite Corona
Whilst the large storage space was lacking in the spa town, visitors and actors enjoyed the Rakoczy family of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organisers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy party.
But, even if the big party mile in the city center was missing, crowds and highlights such as the "room burn, the rakoczy ball, or the frontier, many wondered about the alternative tour complying
"I think we have managed to spread Rakoczy-Flair," says Curator Sylvie Thormann.
The staff was very helpful and the restaurant offers great plentiful buffet of food and coffee.
In principle, we come back to the beginning of the Rakoczy Festival, and simply the historians were the focus of the festival.
A pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
Thus this time in the Corona year.
The seperate chorus makes it nice at the Luitpold casino, watching the festival curiosity and listening to Cuban live music at the professional restaurant.
"I find it so nice," Konhäuser says.
They lack the masses that otherwise belong to Rakoczy.
But you need the usual programme points. First part of all, the old camera burns on Friday evening, the historic launch and the final fireworks on Sunday evening.
" That is a pity.
The weather would have been much better this year," she says.
Rakoczy Rudgestoion to take place again
For the performers of the historical spa guests the alternative program meant partly more work.
For such a type of Christian Gold, who participated in the particular content in a normal year and can be seen on the cute of the spa café.
This year she was travelling in Kostum on Saturdays and Sundays foot in the city.
"This is already more intense, otherwise we will have it easier," she says.
The factory had less to do, even if individual riders were on the way in the park.
"We very much hope that the Founders Quadrille can re-take place in the coming year", says President Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that a Rakoczy return operator would take place after several years of break in 2021.
28 Corona cases involving Spanish bilingualists Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football professional CF Fuenlabrada is falling steeper and deeper into the crisis because of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer from Madrid, despite the first corona cases on July 20 the game started at the city of A Coruña, you have had a depth settlement stewardship.
Until Sunday, 28 players or team members were tested positively, one came to the hospital, as the club announced.
Fundenlabrada out of the same name to the south west of Madrid has even had the chance to reach the prominence spotlight.
Already, the departure into the second league B Group threats.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, the public prosecutor identified for a possible crime against public health, the top sports authority CSD begun the mandatory decision of the club.
Players and other team members are in a quarantine hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine they did not receive fresh towel and no gel", wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
View photos showing players' underwear and club clothing hanging around in their rooms for drying after they had to wash the mirror.
The linens hadn't been changed for five days.
The other problem is food.
Neither good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The manager said that they were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally jeopardising public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
It was not prohibited whether ornamental scores established by the football association were found, the son of the President of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, stressed the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper "Marca
Before the departure there were four infected persons until 19 July, but all of them were isolated and without travelling there.
Just before the flight to A Coruña on Monday, all players and team members had been renewed.
When the team was in A Coruña, "Five or Six" other team members of the Corona test would be good.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the apple, said Tebas Llanas.
Police have to catch steam-osed horses
Two animals were on the street.
The police brought them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning, just until 6 p.m., a traffic participant shared two running horses on the liner between the mouth of Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the Theres motorway accessibility site.
Ever if the agents had arrived, the horses were again set between the subvorger and the town of Dampfach.
After the official excelled the confidence of the horses just before the dame claimed that they were able to close a cape who was sucked on traffickoat.
Table Professor Tony Martin: career continuation
Time driver specialist Tony Martin thinks about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Chairman Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his cycling career.
"I have the framework conditions for how and in what form it could start", said the 35-year-old of "Frankfurt Handling Sunday".
Mrs Martin is currently involved with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had contemplated ending his career after this year before the Corona break.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of days of life, he said.
Or to other issues that would plague him as a family father, Martin said.
Earlier he stood up after a fall, and the first thought was: "Recently back to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what if?
The professor conscious of the potential is that there are aspects with which he is increasingly difficult to do.
"But it did me well to tell you from the Corona time when decided what I am doing in cycling and how much fun he is doing to me".
The Zero ticket specialist has entered the meeting again at the Tour de l'Ain (August 5th to 9th).
Bavaria: at least four deaths on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets.
For at least three people the tour ends with motorcycle deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several, mostly young people died in the weekend.
An 18-year-old motorcycle scientist was captured by a car at Schönthal (Kdom Cham) on Saturday.
Why the car came to the counterpart was at first unclear.
On Saturday, a 22-year-old in Upper Bavaria met with a horse horsecout on his machine.
According to the police, he was headed uphill at Ingelgries.
In a left curve he was rocketing against the horse.
His injuries were so serious that he died at the place of accident.
Of the twelve occupants of the horse, a man was seriously injured and a man was slightly injured, as the police reported.
Another fatal accident killed an 18-year-old in the Upper Platforian Bad Koundsting.
During the night, he talked to a street on Sunday and was overtaken by a 42-year-old car driver.
According to the police, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer brake in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Fryung-Grafenau) a 57-year-old biker burst just in a right row on Saturday, in spite of full backs, in frontal against a car.
He died at the place of accident.
The 57-year-old driver suffered a shock and the remaining three passengers in the car remained unmistakable.
The safety of motorcyclists was addressed on Saturday by Bavaria's Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organizer of the bikers' protest against driving bans announced for August, Gabor Kovacs, the ministerial stressed major investments, such as access to input platforms and fiscalization of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a great deal for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years", noted in the letter.
"The number of motorized cyclists killed reduced by around 28 percent compared to 2011.
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - For soccer trainer Niko Kovac, there is soon to rain on the Cright of Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco.
The eight-time French master will delight again Closetto ( July 3 p.m.) at the Hessen, the former club of Croatia.
For the national league it is the first and only hard test before us in the Europe League against the FC Basel (August 2006).
Due to the Coronavirus pandemic, the meeting is organised without a viewer.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It's always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends," said Kovac.
Sport is an interesting test, said the 48-year-old.
Before going to the FC Bayern München , Kovac had trained the Hessen from 2016 on until 2018 and led to a victory in the DFB Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurt, I look forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac," said Eintracht trainer Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian came into attack the succession of the Croatians.
In March, Frankfurt lost the indication ofheizngleball against Basel in their own stadium at 0:3.
Almost 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof close to Lockdown
In the provincial district of Hof company the number of well-known new environmental infections increased this weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is resented and no longer informed in the country’s Statistics
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
This ranges from the Hof to the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in one week.
700 deaths caused by assassination in South East Asia
More than 9 million people are affected by severe floods in South East Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in Boats is trying to reach isolated people.
Entire villages are under water.
Farmers have lost their crops.
Pircing rays in National Park die by landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 armoured raiders died by landslides.
They are protected and considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year the floods are particularly bad, resulting from a development of scientists to climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New housing is empty
In Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 displaced persons through flooding.
So far, only a few have been accommodated.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm is also attenuating in Grenez.
In the past, those who had a hotel get this small and as little as one one home often do not want to spend their lives in a spacious own block.
Many houses are empty, but soon as the government wants them, they are returned by those who have lost their house as a result of the floods.
60 new corona infections on just one day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparative process, 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The Directorate of the Lithuanian Landssanity Vienna and the Medical Capital of Vienna will be regularly informing about the current natural data and fact figures on the Covid-19 virus: on Friday 26 July 2020, 8 a.m. in Vienna 4.840 (+60)
The number of deaths related to the virus remains unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48 ) persons are enjoyed.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 on Sunday to 3,288.
A infection is a recovery, according to the sanitation staff.
This increases the number of genes to 2,936.
Currently in covid-19, 247 patients were in the federal state.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina refuses to offer creditors
The new demands could not be met, communicated to the Ministry of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair", said an opinion.
"While 50% of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits."
The debt of the second largest economy in South America is no longer sustainable under current conditions.
Argentina calls on its private creditors to waive a portion of their claims of around US$66 billion (approximately EUR 59 billion).
If no agreement is reached, the country is threatened again by government default.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had called for higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The latest inflation rate was more than 50%.
People face a decrease in economic power by about 10 percent for the current year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not reimbursed interest claims of $503 million, slipping into a limited default.
Arriving at work - privately not yet
"It's surged out" - this conclusion draws Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
In the end, all goes fast: in mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will be taking up the successor of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelden notary office.
Since six weeks later, in early July, the deeply provised lawyer commenced work and the normal daily works are running on full tours.
"I still have to arrive privately", she explains in conversation with the Robert Spider and laughs.
The suggestive invitation period, of course, had not been enough to relocate the food point from Regensburg completely to Eggenfeld.
Now, with her husband who has worked in Regensburg as a judge on the land court, she is looking for a suitable flat or house in the city.
At least her son was able to request parental leave in the short term to guarantee the necessary care for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order to avoid being hired from Regensburg every day she sometimes also has access to her parents in Dingolfing, the 39-year-old daughter said.
With a growth in the neighbouring county, the town of Eggenfelden of course has been a term for a long time.
During visits in-check with her family in the last few months heralded, "Eggenfelden is a nice small town".
Therefore, they were all the more pleased that they did the race during the competition for a vacant place.
She also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer's career: after leaving a law degree in Passau, she realized her term and the second state sexe in Regensburg, should she have completed her reports.
After several stations as a notarriasm focus, including at Rehau and Hof in Oberfranken, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this period she was also a 'padvordance' doctor when he was the focus of employment workers' law
In 2016, she went to parental leave, and eventually moved to Regensburg.
Since then, it has taken over representative services in various notaries.
When Eggenfeld had written a pre-tradeer in Eggenfeld for a nearly temporary retirement of Lutz Feller, the 39-year-olds agreed the right time to embark on a professional
The team of its predecessor, who accounts for future levisure representation in the notary office, has taken over what was necessary by Dr. Stefanie Kramer and who then portrays a very special appreciation for the team of the parent staff: "It runs supergood!"
It makes it easier for them to deal with the prospect of promotional relocation of the private food point.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
And if everything fades as we wish, it hopes to be able to explore her ambitious team as soon as possible, and to get to know the most beautiful Jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to launch a ligadest with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be 20 percent at the end of a season in the event of a fan return.
"Because of the distance scheme required to be respected, in our current position, we plan with 12,000 to 15,000 spectators," said Borussia Dortmund's CEO Carsten Cramer of the "daytime lim
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
In grandfather playing at last season caused by the Corona pandemic, BVB had lost some EUR 4 million per game.
The Cramer with responsibility for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation at the BVB hopes that, in addition to regular venues, a few of the about 4000s will be held in the Hospitality sector once again: "It is obviously a trickl
Faced with the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone may now be of "allied goodwill to take a stable page length for the first time".
“If many companies are not doing well and 6.8 million people are in short work in Germany alone, then the need for entertainment is limited," Cramer has says.
The Dortmund Marketing Board praised the BVB professionals for their quantitative particular figure in order to help overcome the crisis: "Of course players know that their netuneration results from a different effect than if we put 100 people who work in merchandising
Microscene miracles: Early start in life with a few hundred grams
Hardly more serious than a packerl butter, just three table blood in his entire body: it was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The Bub is one of around 400 premature breakfasts, which are provided every year at the Graz Kinderklinik .
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams, some - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilome of birth.
They are born so small and so early that neither lung nor intestine, nor muscles are fully educated.
Their skin is sometimes so smart form that they may break the electrodes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothes and specially made mini windows for them.
But not so small that they were not with voice - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger cuts.
"Although they don't cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater in the Classroom: The Whiteboard as a stage left the 9th classes of the St. Jakebus STAM in Abbsgmünd just before the Holiday Guest started.
Actress Julia Sylvester of the Theatre of the City of Aalen presented to the students with the production "The Home dress" - by video.
Then the students were able to exchange views and presentations with the actress and director Winfried Tobias.
The idea was born for the performance format from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
At the end, even if everyone agreed that the direct meeting in the theatre and stage space would offer added impetus, in the theater, there’s also potential for contact in schools.
"If we further improve the technical framework, this could be an interesting complement to the event" commented Director Winfried Tobias.
Facing the first round: The TSV 1860 would meet in the DFB pokal at erreicht Frankfurt
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This resulted in the draw on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponents swallow in the first round of the DFB Cup.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
This was shown on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Due to the Corona pandemic, the adjoiner's scene has not yet been fulled, place hamers came up during their celebrations.
By voluntary renunciation of his combat-wirl FC Memmingen, the TSV, 1860 already is in the final of the Bavarian Toto Cup ( geehrte or 5th of September).
Here the Lions meet either to the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If the second- League championships in Würzburg reach the final,60 would already be equipped for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to gain ground in the final game against regional legistschaffenburg.
The first round of the DFB Cup will be held between 11-14, a week before the third launch.
"Follows Wind": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died on Sunday in Paris under and 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesperson at the German Press Agency.
He was well known for his role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern government, "Beware of Winds" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
Austrian Theatreman Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia von Shakespeare's "Summer Night Dream".
The film studio Warner Brothers contracted her just for seven years and brought her outsized covers with Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own.
The movie was published in Germany under the title "Mother Heart".
Three years later, the character was Best Actress in William Wylers "The Heiress" (The Erbin).
I also listened to her as a neurotic defector in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakeroke".
Daphne du Maurier proposed it in 1952, for the determination of her novel "My Cousine Rachel".
It has been a worldwide success.
Her friend Bette Davis, she played in "Wiegenlied für eine Compass".
From his marriage with Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953) his son Benjamin emerged.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage, too, broke.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole / Wickler miss Finals at Comeback
World Cup 2 Julyus Thole and Clemens Wickler missed his final at the "Road to Timmendorf" beach volleyball tournament.
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf, they underwent their national team colleagues Niles Ehlers and Lars flights with 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Thole/Wickler was last played at the World Tour Final in Rome last September.
In the final action at the Rhine, their bezwing Ehlers/flights played a defeat for the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
Besides the show tournament, three starters for the German Championships were came out in Timmendorfer Strand at the beginning of September: Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan
Voltaired calf-tissue carbonated from AfD - FDP speaks of "fig leaf"
According to the FDP, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a “Fig leaf” and changes nothing according to the party's character.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AFD", said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
The Federal Burgundy of the AfD had confirmed, on Saturday in Stuttgart, after several hours of negotiations, the exclusion of Kalbitz, which the BundesBoards subsequently adopted by a majority of the German Federal Boards in
Kalbitz is chairman of the AFD Group in the Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD were to globally remove right-wing extremists from their party, officials like Björn Höcke and his supporters would have been eliminated." said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD for this because right-wing extremism is now part of the Party."
Similarly, CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said: "That Andreas Kalbitz was now excluded, says nothing and changes nothing," he said the World On Sunday.
"It talks volumes how many Frenetic supporters continue to have a right-wing extremist in the middle of the AFD".
It is predictable that the AfD will end up below 5% in the post-election period.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted".
Kalbitz was one of the leaders of the officially disbanded "Wings"' to the third-party leaders of the Thuringian AfD country and group member Björn Höcke; the constitutional protection classifies the tension as a "what
In May, the AfD Bargain Silver was thrown out of the party.
For reasons he struck the point that when he entered the Council, Kalbitz did not state his former membership of the inwhalle ultimately "Homely Reliable Deutschen Jugend" (HDJ) and the Republicans.
Kalbitz disputes membership of the HDJ .
The leader of the Left Group of Brendenburg Land Day, Sebastian Walter, also stressed that the decision of the Federal Improving Court does not change the nature of the OLAF Eundth: "The Wolf has only fed
The AfD remains an extreme right-wing party, whether with or without calf".
Neither this decision will weaken the Federal Party nor the right wing.
"The manoeuvre of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
We want to escape further observation by constitutional protection and try to get under the radar" said Walter.
"The AfD will not loose the spirits it called.
“We will not change everything yet”, have commented Brandenburger-SPD Secretary-General, Erik Stohn, on the decision in the Kalbitz case.
"This is where the AfD Federation and the Group up to this day paid their right-wing leader".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz's membership of the AfD will continue.
The he announced on Saturday that he will now take some civil law against the decision of the Federal Court.
North Sea wind farms deliver about 21% more electricity
Wind canopy plants on the German North Sea have installed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year.
This is just around 21% more than during the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet announced in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of North Sea electricity to mainland and for transmission by the German electricity network.
Wind turbines located on the Baltic, which are not part of the Tennet network, have fed more than 2.22 browsing hours (TWh).
The total wind flow from North and Baltic is 13.73 TWh, compared to there are about 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winter tapped at sea accounts for almost 19 percent of the entire wind flow in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms boost the production capacity
Beside wind conditions higher production capacity, the increased contribution of offshore wind energy has been connected since new new wind farms have been placed on the grid over the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all reunited with full energy at the same time, they could generate 6.7 gigawatts applications.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, it is set to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, by then we are investing EUR 20 billion in the expansion of offshore network solutions", said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea, but they are now about 40%.
The record day recorded this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, North Sea windbikes produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity, equivalent to three to four nuclear power plants.
This could provide electricity to almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Geburtstag des Gründer Kunstverein: The exhibition opening "Skirmish" with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold spired off the usual framework after the Corona break.
Many more art friends than usually followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Kornhausplatz.
In the north of the gallery, the association "Sandtogether".
Freitale: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day celebration scheduled in September.
In other years, more than 30,000 people visited the February.
"We have not really made that decisionasy and hoped by the last minute, aware of how difficult it is for the targeted parties", said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partiles).
"But in the end we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people.
However, if tens of thousands of people had emigrated to mainzain grounds and to the summit, minimum distances, hygiene rules and contact prosecution could not have been followed in line with the current Coronash Protection Regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that neither would be much left of a popular festival.
Moreover, the organisational and supervisory burden would increase disproportionately by many.
Rumberg brake for next year.
The city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, with the Winter Mountain Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 as well as the day of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth in Achleiten not to defeat
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic victory Isabell Werth was the superior rider at the Dressur Tournament in the Austrian Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the winter weekend at four starts.
After winning a Grand Prix each to start with Weigehigold and Quantaz, both signed the Grand Prix Special and their Kür at Sunday.
On Sunday, at the 15-year-old Stute Weihegold, Weith set a strong advance against the Austrian Victoria Max-heur at Abegglen.
Also in December on Saturday, the German students on Quantaz close to their 34-year-old student Victoria Maxim-Theurer.
-The winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful Dressor-resider in the world is to establish the ten-yearly Stringst in the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first cure indeed.
At the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all the major three challenges.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser Hochschule goes further through: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" is a professor of Air Traffic Management.
A contract between the University and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The contract was first concluded for three years and will launch in 2021.
The professor allows the study to start not only in the summer but also in winter semester.
This will train twice as many students as they do before.
At the same time, the capacity of both the higher education and the Federation for Air Banking is also maximised.
The DFS will advise the university in the creation and occupation of the professor.
Represented at the University since 2019.
Since the summer semester in 2019, the first students at the University of Worms have been in the course of the Air Traffic Management (HLL).
Nine students have already started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS is very positive, and the student performance is excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training significantly boosts the attractiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times, financing is not easy for us economically.
However, we are expecting air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to fulfil our obligation in the future we need highly qualified staff.” says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman of the DFS at the signing of the contract.
"For the DFS, the Foundation Professore is a flair nonprospective investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad knowledge base, across the technical spectrum in the long term.
So we will continue our good co-operation with the university and at the same time support our attractiveness as an employer".
This also underlines Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms: "The Stiftungprofession forms an important bridge between science and business.
With it we would like to follow up the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual bachelorus course Air Traffic Management".
The trust of Deutsche Luftsicherung serves as a dedication to the University of Worms Motivation and a commitment to developing their teaching and of research skills in the fields of competence in the future of
By working for the controllers of tomorrow, the college could take the first professor of a dual course of study with special highlights and innovative priorities for their students.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, said: "The University of Worms, within the field of air transport, has a narrative at Rheinland-Pfalz.
Today's signature of the Cooperation Treaty strengthens the profile of the university".
A 45
Around 30 minutes Autobahn A45 was completely blocked on Saturday morning in the direction of Aschaffenburg, because according to a traffic accident the rescue helicopters were utilised.
A 76-year-old drove with a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in the curve straight ahead of and ended on the lock.
The act caused the front aerobags and the driver suffered slight injuries in the face and had to be transferred to hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72-year old cabin were supplied by the emergency facilitator and the patient then flown to hospital after the rescue helicopter.
At the moment, however, the police considers that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of approximately EUR 2000, had to be pulled down.
Health seeks to assess other sectors by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation up again in parts of the meat industry.
The legislative tightening is about to come.
But are they right - and will it stay there?
Federal Minister for Labour Hubertus Heil (SPD), UK under strict regulations on abuse in the meat industry, aims to continue to review other sectors.
"We will look at an industry and then take appropriate measures for the industry, if necessary", said Heil der Deutsche Presse-Agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
After the mass corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Office is therefore seeking to adopt a law of healing this wednesday.
Large slaughtereries should no longer be allowed to use third parties for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
In order to do so, the use of work contracts and temporary workers would be banned.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: "Finger away from a general restriction on repair contracts and operatorial rendition unless the economy is shut down as an upside."
Contracts with manufacturing, building, construction and plant construction, for example, must have the basis for their added value at the customer.
"The shortcomings of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Healt assured: "My goal is not to ban work contracts everywhere in the German economy".
Plant contracts make sense.
"When an industrial undertaking mandate a craftsman to build a safety plant, that is a normal working contract".
The German meat industry alone considers a ban on work contracts and temporary work to be unconstitutional in its industry.
It is not questionable why, in the future, fresh labour applies to the porting and packaging of cheese and in an opinion on the piece of legislation, such as the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Saturday).
With the ban, the consumer price would therefore rise by between 10 and 20% per kilo and product.
Many Eastern European employees from contracts for the work have worked under 16 hours a day in the industry on the basis of an audit carried out by the NRW Work Programme.
Often they have not had a break.
Pay has been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It has also been noted that the situation in the housing of familiars has been often inconsistent.
Heal said that a relatively sharp law had entered into force for the meat industry already in 2017.
However, the "tricky designs" had circumvented these textures.
"Now we need to clean up ourselves.
The politician announced 'In the labour protection law which we intend to adopt in the Cabinet at the end of July, measures relating not only to the meat industry - for example, higher standards of inspection in occupational safety or clear criteria
The draft before us includes amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat sector and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg's Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers that more detailed controls are required.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more workplaces are also needed for more controls.
Three deaths in Germany when ultra light aircraft crash
Three people died when a ultra-light plane crashed to a multi-family house in Wesel in the German Land north Rhine-Westphalia, according to the police.
A child has been slightly injured.
Two other people were saved in the accident, said a spokesman of the District Board of Wesel.
A parachute had been found at the accident point, the police said.
The "Rhine Post" told us on eyewitness that before the crash, the airplane collapsed with a hot air balloon.
The house is a single or two-family house.
Further details were not initially perceived.
Clearing Frankfurt Opera Square Peacefully
A week after the riots in Frankfurt, the excavation of the operatic centre in the night has continued to be peaceful.
The last few dozens of people were still in the square, but left it at 1 a.m. before the breakout height started.
The police have been in service since the early evening with numerous officials, and a higher police service has to be seen throughout the city.
For the first time on this weekend in midnight there was a ban on entry into the opera place, a week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured after police entry, several police vessels damaged.
The night to Saturday was also quiet.
Car overcomes: Young woman seriously injured back in the event of accident on the Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In the event of an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injury around 13.25 p.m.
It was brought to the hospital Kassel.
Having sharp image cameras, the fire brigade looked for possible drivers.
According to the police on the federal road 83 he entered in the direction of their place of home at a time when her car came from the train out of its previous source and who had had grown itself out repeatedly.
In order to save the accident, the FIRE's centre had to open up the roof of the car.
Since it was unclear if someone was still in the vehicle, the adjacent maize field was visited from the hub with a Heat Image Player.
The drone steel from Warburg, which also works with the thermal image cameras, was also ordered for the search for persons.
The application forces, however, found no one between the high maize plants.
Further injuries were brought to the Kassel Clinic with the rescue car.
Almost 50 police forces of Feuerwehr Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The Federal Road was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Master in Italy
Turin - After a redemptive dorm of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Torino secured Italian championship for the ninth time in series.
The team around the 5 Times World Footballer made the 36th Scudetto of club activities with a 2:0 (1:0) each Sunday evening in the homeground against Sampdoria Genoa perfect.
Ronaldo met at 1:0 before the middle.
With 83 points, Turin, who happened without the almost long-hit former national player Sami Khedira, is no longer parenting two days out of second between the end of the season year A.
The Table Second Inter Milan has seven points behind.
In spite of optical superiority, Juventus was harmless in the first half of all, after an analyst running, Ronaldo met with the previous action.
One example by Miralem Pjanic disposered for the 35-year-old from the punishing line to a flat footage (45.+7).
To appear over the more offensive guests Ronaldo was also involved in 2:0; he decayed Valentino Bernardeschi (67.).
This secured witnesslessy but decisive success.
Foliver or foule in the 89th minute is likely to make fashions to Ronaldo even with regard to the tarisking value.
"It is complicated to stay mental and physical at ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the moment changes very easy," trainer Maurizio Sarri said after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
Especially the spiritual exhaustion of his players is great, said Juve Coach.
Due to the defeat, the team had not yet been able to unmoving the championship.
She finally sucked away at the top of the table and at that level was mostly due to the weakness of the competitors.
In the eleven matches in front of the World Cup on Sunday, the Sarri team had only succeeded in five victories.
Whether Ronaldo is still a Torstrich King is questionable.
For, whereas of the Portuguese Superstar that reached 31 gates, the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile received 34, at Hellas Verona after its three-pack and team, at 5:1 (1:1:1) for the table fourth Lazio to a
The record in Italy is still the present Jeve professor Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentinean earned 36 gates for the SSC Naples in the 2015-2016 season.
At Saturday the "Old Lady" of the Italian football will be willing to be chosen.
Juventus is standing at the eighth Finals of the Champions League, but a 0:1 playgap must be held on 7 August towards Olympic Lyon in order to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
In the next K.O. round, Real Madrid or Manchester City would be waiting for adversary law.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal authors cover
Stuttgart - Despite all threatened penalties and court judgments, motor drivers continue to provide gas in countless illegal cracks on the Baden-Württemberg roads: Last year and the first four months of this year, police in the south-west have recorded more than
Comparative securities for previous years are not there, but the rasers are increasingly working on judicial authorities: in 2018, a total of 155 cases were established on grounds of illegal practices, where 252 were issued in 2018, enforcing 15
Scores in 2006 were less allied with organised events, as suggested by the Ministry of the Interior answer to a request from the Landtags-SPD.
In most cases, drivers rake beyond each other or they had taken refuge from the police - obviously too, this would be seen as an illegal race.
The main guards consisted of German men aged between 18 and 60.
113 fines - 15 times imprisonment
Only in a relatively few cases need the rasers to be caught, and will be asked to cash out them so that a total of 113 penals have been imposed since 2018, according to the Ministry of the Interior, an
However, there is no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually increasing.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than before, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes over the past few years, a minister said.
The motorway 8 is especially popular at Rasern, which continually tpress confident drivers about the traffic in their homepage for more space and use the free route for a racing.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught under aced joint fish at Kirchheim, and three months earlier were 18 racing in the A8 at Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular race track.
On the A81, the police register even more races than any other federal motorway.
The speed limit tobilies the raser on the particularly affected section between angles and hostages.
Typical Swiss markets are used for racing high-priced and pocketed surplus grounds because drivers fare to Germany given the high penalties for too fast motor racing and author races in the neighbouring country.
For the SPD, the speed limit should not be reduced to a few routes: "With a general speed of 130 kilometres we would manage this problem on motorways", says Martin Rivoir, the Transport experts in the SPD helicop
"The barriers for rasers would be significantly higher if we would not be pleased to be traveling here at 200 km/h and more."
Rivoir says less of education or image campaigns: ' those buying in such a way leverages all rules and puts at risk not only their own lives, but also the lives of other traffic users are very hard to ever get.'
ADAC calls for stronger police action
On the other hand, ADAC is not sufficient: "We think that Raser cannot be dissuaded by the tempols," says Holger Bach, Director of Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
Not even on earth becomes more painful and serious for the High-Range Powers Fair: since January 2019 and until April 2020, three people died in the Race comes abroad, two of them minant victims in a night crash in Stuttgart’s c
In November two young men were expected to have written a letter to them.
One of the vehicles was outside the streets, spoiled against a garden wall and remained on the side of the 18-year old passenger who died.
21 more people have been injured in the races of the last two years.
However, in the opinion of Home Affairs Minister Thomas Strobl, however, more stringent penalties are not necessary: 'Regulatory action is not implemented to secure a any harsher penalty for illegal motorcycles', stated in the document
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger Sprinkler steals beverages from receptilation
Rohrdorf: A man broke entirely on Thursday in Rohrdorf (Circle of Calw) and stolen drinks and cash.
At 1.40 p.m., a witness heard noise in the valley road and went towards theimbiss.
There, he noticed a man who served with drinks on the fridge and left the bottom with a formerly inserted door.
The perpetrator flew towards the meadows behind the snack.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: it is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters at maximum dimensions and a strong stature.
In fact, he carried a black caprucot-powder, black trousers and bright shoes.
Further witnesses are received by the police.
Ackermann jumps to victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Radprofessor Pascal Ackermann won his second day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour.
The 26-year-old papal column of the Bora-hansgrohe team passed on the 109 km section with start and advantage in Hermannstadt in the masse Sprint, once it won the stage on Saturday.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
As a whole, his Austrian team worker, Gregor Mühlberger, managed to success.
The 26-year-old had sovereignly chosen the skill trip for themselves in the morning, taking over the peak in class.
Only 104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening.
No less than 18 starters in mountain time had fallen victim to the time limit.
"I am really happy to start the season's second show with a victory," Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic," said the 26-year-old.
300 metres in front of the finish, he had just brought his sprint, "and it jadged well.
According to the rules of the World Association of UCI, a Corona assessment was made for all race participants and their attendees six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, drivers and carers in insulated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and from the media.
Speakers at the start and finish were not allowed.
Staff guidance provided statement on an instruction on the restoration of lay marble
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a multi-family house a child (4) was suddenly who was jamping in the water.
According to the fire brigade, the emergency call was received entirely shortly before 13:00.
"A scenario pooling disponent immediately gave instructions for the94airist releases," said a fire-fighter speaker about BILD.
The receiving rescue workers took over the recovery measures little later.
The child at risk of life has been transported to the Unical Clinicenk in a renamination.
Why it failed is not clear.
The police have routinely started investigations into the problem of the accident.
The fire-stampers: "We expect a tragic accident in the apartment".
Nürnberg: Unapproved Tuning meeting - police intervene, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and time frames for more than 1000 people took part on Saturday night in a "tuning meeting" in the car park of a furniture house.
The police implemented their announcement to strengthen their monitoring of such events.
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg’s Southern Moreover, Sunday.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to the police of Mittelfranken (Medieval France), the Nuremberg traffic police found an increased volume of vehicles in the area of a large parkingposition in Ingolstadt road from 22.30 p.m.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
Recently, the police announced that they wanted to take more action against so-called caros.
Illegal Tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the "scene"
The officials led with more than 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, committed the police.
However, only a small part of the present people had such a look at the "autoposer" and tuning scene.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene followed the entries of the police.
On the basis of the vehicles and people on the spot, it is expected that they are mainly applicable.
In addition, the majority of the persons present observed current infectious claims, in particular compliance with the minimum distance and serveration of mouth nose protection.
The control measures carried out on the ground were closed at 1.00 p.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles had to be secured.
No authors
There have been no illegal author races.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to keep an eye on events and will continue to monitor increased specification and monitoring measures, including arrival with human being,", stated.
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schroedinger of the curtain company involved : "They have all beautiful rims that we should not scratch" as Schrödinger says.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Even because the cars are wider, the company must take care not to damage.
"Young people should eventually get their cars without accommodation".
Working Agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have displayed short work," said Daniel Terzenbach, executive director of the Frankfurt general Zeitung.
When most companies tried to get short work at the beginning of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally the test takes up to three weeks.
"So much time was not available in this hot phase.
Fortuitously, we will also look at the final accounts.
There will certainly be some more.
We are not naïve and have a long breath".
References to abuse would often come from the employees or trade unions concerned.
In addition, the BA analysis software is used to trace abuse patterns.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn .
" Will there be significantly more insolvency than last year?
The assessments differ, but we are radically bowling to the case and are already training our employees in the employment agencies to deal with insolvency payment applications.
The figures are still unrobilized, Terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Disbanded party in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The present code was dissolved at 20.48 p.m. by the district drivers of the Foundation Prussian Castles and Gardens (SPSG) and communicated to the Foundation on PNN request.
The young people would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening a number of young people would have played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared up by riders, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and again illegal parties take place in parks
In the parks of the foundation there are collections which do not comply with the residual and hygiene regulations [covid-19].
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without Corona regulation the parks are closed at darkness collapse.
The area is prohibited from parking regulations, but there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has long been complaining that visitors would leave more and more waste and destroy protected biotopes.
Today in Berlin, illegal parking parties have reached a different dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, 5000 people celebrated an illegal technology party the night to Sunday.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: mass tests following Corona outbreak in tourist spot
With hundreds of tests the authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular South-Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as indicated by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
Therefore, many of the infected are young trainees in tourism businesses, but at least one tourist request has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The blocking-rid was set at 23 p.m.
"There are cancellations, cancels and cancellations there", explained the head of the Tourism Association Wolfgangsee, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some of our guests had leave before they arrived.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination in Upper Austria, with over 400.000 accommodation last year.
In a normal season, around a third of guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first infections had become public.
This Saturday, the head of the District Authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behaviour of the trainees who had celebrated and played hostages, too.
"We all liked this in our youth," he said to the radio station Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourism Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Covid-19 by young people.
From Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
The outbreak for time brings memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl in Tyrol, which was a key culminating experience in the first phase of the pandemic throughout Europe.
A total of more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
Peaks for new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
The Red Devils successfully saved Third Table Amount on the last day of the Premier League Competitive Scenario by a 2:0 (0:0) track toGEther against Leicester City.
The Foxes now have to be continued with the Europe League because the FC Chelsea still missed out andequipped in a fourth position for both the top rankers.
In the fight against the descent, Aston Villa was allowed to venture.
Manchester United was led by a burial of Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a Red Card for Leicester City in the edition of Life time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) finished.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
"I have a lot missing" said Trainer Frank Lampard, who is also in premier Olympic defeats for the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach.
Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspire, which joined the Wolves with a leak 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and started as the sixth and sixth at the Europa League.
Aston Villa therefore opted to join FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, but had to amount tackling for a long time at West Ham United for more explanation.
The latest direction of Jack Grealish (84.) immediately resigned to Andrej Jarmolenko (85. ).
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club, which scored three trainers during the season, is rising beyond five hundred episodes.
Just like Bournemouth, who was unable to save themselves quietly in FC Everton with a 3:1 (2:1).
In the end, there was no point.
The FC Liverpool, which stands as the first English master since the end of June, secured an club record at Newcastle United with a 3-:1 (1:1) win.
99 meters are the highest of the Reds ever achieved in a football season.
He just missed the score record in English football, in combining Welcomer Jouch Schneider with his team.
The best trademark holds Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/18.
After the Newcastle play in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) shot the game on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this amazing club it was an extraordinary season," said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It will be difficult."
In the end, the Premier League busses should be satisfied.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the soccer business in England was suspended from 13 March to 17 June.
In the meantime, it even debated recession or the handling of the remaining games on neutral ground.
But the season began to be finished without any significant events – though, as in Germany, without spectators at the stadiums.
arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Head of Government Netanyahu are becoming ever more violent.
There have been violent conflicts during the night.
The Israeli police have been useless on Sunday in Jerusalem, a violent action against participants in a demonstration against right-wing conservative leader Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were arrested for taking part in unrest, shared police officers Micky Rosenfeld.
The police used, among other things, water lambs to dissolve the result.
According to media reports on Saturday evening, some 6000 people were gathered near Netanyahu’s ocational management.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, beamed sincerely in horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of a counter-demonon supporting Netanyahu have also been arrested, reported the news page "ynet".
People demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including front of the private villa of the leading Presidency in the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured in the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Lastly, Netanyahu was also criticised for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among his borders, he has been accused of premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
The unemployment rate was more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter ends on car - 9 injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - On Saturday afternoon, repeated an accident called for nine light injuries on the B58 in Ahlen.
A carrier went to Beckum with her two children (3, 5).
The police: "Suddenly the police had brackened it because it wanted to move.
It seems that the driver of a Mercedes transporter who was behind her has to be seen too late.
He dreamed the car back on the car.
During the accident, three passengers were slightly injured in the car and six in the transporter.
Several backward cars brought them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
North Korea has so far seen a "shining success" in its own security measures to address the coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Because of a first official Corona suspicion in the country, North Korea has completely closed out a large tower for fear of a catastrophe.
Despite the strictest epidemiological defence measures over the past six months, "the malicious virus could have been placed into the country," reported the State media.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leaders called for the highest level of alarm.
If the estimated instance confirmed, it would be the first official CV-2 SARS-COV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own statements, had registered no single infection and described its defence measures as being a "shiny success."
The information has been in doubt abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms of disease were detectedwith the "exuberant" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
A person moved to South Korea three years ago and has now returned to the border.
South Korea initially failed to have assertions about the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely still dismantled military buffer zone.
However, according to reports from the Yonhap, South Korea’s military held suspensors to the possibility of illegal border entry to North Korea as high.
There have been investigations on some people.
North Korea, according to its own data, convened an urgent meeting on Syepathons on Saturday in the Labour Party’s Politburo chaired by Chief Executive Kim Jong Un.
"The dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a fatal and destructive disaster".
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person affected, as well as all the people in Kaesong who had contact with her, had been put under quarantine.
The central military commission in the Party should therefore investigate the 'emergence loss', as well as the conduct of the responsible military unit, and, where appropriate, impose severe sanctions.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Brappage ahead of the Council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer rest.
"In addition to environmental issues, members of the EESC will also vote on the construction plan of a major city development project East", commented introduced at once in the middle of the urban press release on Tuesday 28 July at 4.30 p.m. (Grand CongressCentre
Centrally the extendment of the eastern city is, however, controversial until the end.
The majorities in favour of this represent a small number, especially in individual committees, depending on the presence.
An appeal from industry (building, real estate, trade and IT), which started from citizenship and then developed by administration and municipal council, did not let a end to a project now after almost ten years of preparation, Reporter Reinhard Klein criticized the opposition.
"All think it better to know it," said Minor, who has been a member of the Villaffeer's Board for the year being the only representative of the public list Pforzheim.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The extended departure will cost THE city with substantially more cost of rehabilitating a TECUNOLITAN (City Hall) as well as towards an undetermined existence of small towns for 8.5
The city will develop very differently from forecasts being made in the Town Hall and by economic supporters.
Specialized in designing the City by setting up its own power and not an investor, this was Plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative approach.
It also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall, the opening of the cavalside, the reitherance of the Ex d 42 for administrative areas and a smaller city reorganisation, ideally with local parking facilities.
Environmental issues play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will play a key role.
Among other things, the Municipal Council will vote on the noise action plan.
This includes various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road transport, such as, in many cases, its temporary consequences.
In a press release, the local translation club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30. The political culprits around the city wouldn’t be indignant for neglecting long-term bus traffic with reasonable capability.
The Municipal Council also votes on the participation of the city of the Energy and Climate Agency, Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, it is the agenda of accession to the CIP on Climate Change amount from the Land of Baden-Württemberg, the redefinition of parental contributions in the urban childhood institutions, and application to be included in smart-city support
Citizens are welcome, but they have to apply Corona protection measures.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann launched into the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
The first tests took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operations.
For Zimmermann, the main purpose was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from starting his first hiking from the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
"There are already a few things that are different to the former Porsche season," says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it really has been a lot of fun".
Zimmermann had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Master.
The Netherlands - in spite of its 25 years experience in GT-Spectrum - has been able to help its new team colleague in many things.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports, but every new series in Menorca also brings with it new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blinding and we have made enormous progress from session to session".
In this areas - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also hold its first race.
On 31st July, the 33 super sports cars will be ignited by the Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows the route.
In 2015, he was the last guest in the motor.
"It worked fast and I had to get used to little", says Zimmermann, who starts for the Friedrichshafen Racing Community Count Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you need to meet optimally in order to be quick".
How quick roommann really is then, this is turns out in two weeks' time.
"The teams poker a bit in the tests," he says.
"Finally, we are very pleased and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring.
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a dense calendar.
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November.
Current stand is that no spectators will be permitted - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
British Minister for Transport of Quarantine Cold Fishing
The decision by the UK government to quarantine Spanish holidaymakers for two weeks after their return, according to press reports, severely caught the country's Transport Minister.
Thus, Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, while his colleagues at home agreed the measure on Saturday.
Because of the rising Corona figures in Spain, the London office removed the country from the list of countries from which repair of navigating is possible.
The new scheme will appear today, Sunday, so that Shapps will have to return to quarantine.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
The scheme applies only to those who are on the holiday dates by the date of the reflection, only from Saturday 1 August, and has not been introduced overnight.
In addition, in Austria, Spain has so far been considered one of the 'safe countries' for which no quarantine is needed in Austria.
"Numerous ministers in advance should have known that there is a possibility of clarifying a quarantine for tourists in Spain", said Labour Member Diane Abbot.
«But apparently no one has taken the trouble to say Grant Shapp's decision«.
Just a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the strict preliminary closure, the infection figures are increasing once again in the country.
Virusologists are responsible for the new spread of the nightlife.
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the UK.
The UK Government is currently advising on our failure to travel to mainland Spain, while the Canaries and Balearics are particularly popular among British holidaymakers.
So far in Spain more than 272,000 infections have been recorded with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for war blosses
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the deployment of military ships in his country for his country by the day of the Navy.
With these one-off weapons in the world, we would expand the fight allowance for the Russian maritime forces, said Putin in St Petersburg on Sunday at the central maritime parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence InterFax, the Agency also informed about the successful tests of the hyper-slot Zirkon which was built for the Navy.
Hypersound weapons have in many ways the sound speed of about 343 metres per second.
They are seen as the weapons of the future.
Underwater Tropedo will continue to be built
A continuing building will also go on at the pistele toledo Poseidon, the 'nuclear pstable' torpedo, it called.
The planned sea bedroht is planned to destroy coastal targets.
The President, who also divroduced a military boat, said that this year alone 40 new ships would be released directly into the fleet federations of the largest country in the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the Marine has protected Russia guaranteed reliably, said Putin at the day celebrated by Mr. Matrosen nationwide.
Matches also did trick the day of the naval campaign in many other Russian coastal villages.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting alongside warrior Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated strength in a street flash view in the Mediterranean port.
Ammunition was also fired there.
From a video published by the Ministry of Defence not only war ships, including a submarine, but also military helicopters and jets.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: help easier for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-SSC pandemic was poorening the work of aid workers,said Abbott, according to the US media.
Evacuated for caution
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
With regard to the hurricane in Texas, he added: "This challenge is complicated and aggravated, given that it is punchied by a territory that is one of the most detrimental area in the
According to Johns Hopkins Hopkins University, some 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who would have to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It is important that everyone kept away.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition, emergency hotels would be tested at Corona.
Damage was first reported only from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning
With peak wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour, 'Hanna' had been hit by land on the island of Padre Island, according to authorities, just outside the Texan coasts.
The tropical storm had previously been levelled to the lowest level one hurricane.
When the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was initially aired and later withdrawn.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" then moved further inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to weaken further.
According to the forecast, it is planned on Sunday (local time) near the largest islands of Hawaii – then March to descend to the Hurricane threshold.
Over the Atlantic, NOAA awaited an above-average hurricane season this year, following a May forecasts.
Up to ten hurricanes could be expected from June to the end of November, with up to six very powerful hawks, the Authority had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Given available climate data and higher water temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season is just 30%, average even 10%, said thus then.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is monitoring the storms closely, and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four Góares unknown: video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were dismissed two Director-General
Naples - Four headaches achieved, four gates zwil unter krnenk: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a swag black evening at 0:2 (0:1) at SSC Naples in Italian soccer League Serie A - and was
"A festival of not given gates for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so driven against a team," commented the "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples had gone through a door of the foreign defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in which the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic acclaimed first the settlement.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot the ball again - violent actions erred.
Even the gates of attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) also recorded the referee team back.
In the poster time, Allan made the 2:0 adjustment for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and penals Sassuolo like no team yet.
The new technology will substantiate records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard infringed
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a short holiday and a few training days the Hansi Flick, sometimes well, has to consider by the beginning of the first team training, how he can switch his excellent enemy after the anniversary of World
The francise, who has the third most deployment minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and theief-Cover chief Joshua Kimmich, suffered a violation on the left's foot and threatens to be left out in decisive roy
In the Münchner Schwudelweather , the Rights Defender disbanded a training game and was disted of the place with a golf card.
How long the unrestricted tribe player has to be in the fights for the title is open.
An effective team in the eighth final match against the FC Chelsea on 8 August may be hard to bring before the final tournament, starting in Lisbon on 12 August, the 24-year-old is entitled to be hopeful.
The Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the malignance of the training on Sundays.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
High quality, intensity and concentration are meant to show his her winning companions in the ideally following 28 days to the rexclusive game on 23 August.
"We have done the tasks with master classes and vocals excellent.
Now we need to create the specific one”, Flick said.
However, until Munich has the main business to deal to the final tournament and a trainer camp in the Algarve, the eighth final proverb must first be the FC Chelsea.
After the 3-0 before the Corona break, the London people in their local arena should not once again become Bayern-Nirve in 2012, as in lost 'Final dahoam'.
"We have to go through the door for the first time.
We want to win, create good conditions and stimulate trust with a good game," Flick asked for.
A candidacy test will take place on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
After a long address, Flaick had sent his stars who had a 13 days' session to a unique August.
31 players he welcomed at the Sabener Straße, including the new players to exclude Leroy Sané, who first met all the new colleagues to the square after his leaval in Manchester City.
"Leroy succubated like all the new good collections," Flick reported.
But instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. can't be highly jokes, Fick preferred to talk about the current title project of the German series championship.
After days of single and small group training teams will be crucial to the London musicians, who, unlike the Flick Ensemble, are in pitch.
After it, the Munich Chants could set a quarter final against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, eventually Real Madrid, Manchester City, or Juventus Turin being a possible enemy.
One way to the final in Lisbon "is not affordable", emphasized the Chief Coach, who from Tuesday rely on the service of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in the training.
The WM record driver Klose and Flick know so many concerted tournament preparations, which matter in a brevity to discounts.
With his current team the work was "a pleasure", Commited Flick.
The "focus on winnings" is an impressive key number of his team.
In the tournament with nine nineteen teams again ambitious hit on Sunday.
None of these achievement providers were involved, including the refugeesale Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the king's class season has not been protected.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to seize its World Champion
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
All the American races were cancelled.
Racing calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula 1 season is.
Three more race tracks were added to the last ten underpinned Grand Prix under the week.
Watchout in the October expansion during the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal.
On the beginning of November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. compete for World Cup points on the Italian track Luppi in Imola.
With this turbo , the 2020 race calendar now consists of 13 tracks.
"We are pleased that we are continuing to make significant progress in completing our 2020 plans," said Formula 1-Boss Chase Carey.
In all, this exceptional season will lead to 15 to 18 races in the class of the sport.
Formula 1 will finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Prior to the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports suggest that there may still be performances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
Regularly, races on three continents
But the Formula 1 rule requires, for the award of the World Cup, the races only on three continents.
Although only two continents, as is currently established, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA is designed to award the title, using a special rule, on the basis of "exceptional circumstances" in view of the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in the short term because of the unfolding corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not a matter.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be in America this year.
Rejection in Brazil
Due to the tense moral situation, the races will not take place in Canada, the US, Mexico and Brazil.
"We look forward to be back with them in the next season," said Carey.
Refusal of the America races came criticism particularly in Brazil: "We did not be surprised but we cannot accept the reasons by it", said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
For example, infection in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We must prepare for the security measures required.
Greta Thunberg: Bad Look at Donald Trump crowded around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest in Stephen Colbert’s well-known streetmapping show on video and interview she undertook what she had a treatment in her meeting with Donald Trump.
The air-conditioning civisten Greta Thunberg was guest always in a popular US Latenight show.
She told, among other things, her fight against the powerful of the world.
She also talked about her famous "evil look" during her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the last two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has focused on her eager commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latin-light moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday in your transmit and had a longer interview with the Swedish artist.
She talked not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
" There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis," she struck.
"Everything from organised hate campaigns to threats, just because a group of children takes up the streets" she seen.
Heads of State and politicians (Spocking or even trying to silence them in social media) find them "charming" as they store out reactions "when they have no other answer to it".
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview, when Greta Thunberg was referred to a well-known eponym in which she became a bitter-foreign view of US President Trump.
At the UN Climate Summit in New York in 2019, which the Atlantic actvist rallyed, their expressive vision was captivated by the viewer’s cameras, and has since been seen by countless people on the Internet.
The short clip created a GIF, an animated image that eventually became one of the most frequently used imitations for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think about the US president at this moment?
She responded quickly to the relatively open questions asked by Stephen Colbert: 'To be honest, I do not think that needs any further explanation' .
The experienced Sator Colbert had not just anticipated and quickly blackened from the picture.
In her "How dare you?" remarks on the principles of climate change, she kept many in mind at the climate conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now expanding alongside Bavaria's Robert Lewandowski in the race around Europe's Golden Shoe.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming the Torschützkeijan König's in the Italian football championship.
The first BVB creative professional contributed three events at the 5:1 (1:1) (Victory of Caprican City) by Maintime Descent Headquarters from Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona, including two transformed eleph
The 30-year-old of the Bettafen Fourth two seasonal matches now has 34 sailors on his account before the end - as many athletes gained Robert Lewandowski yet from the FC Bayern München during the end of the German Liberals season.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo follows with 30 gates, the Portuguese superstar met with the leader in the evening with the sagnostoresiac Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a roller-car driving: After a rapid climb with Fleetwood Mac, the steep downhill pitude went and then slowly up to the civic stage.
Now the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He was paily in bedied at the age of 73 and Familienmitglieder said on Saturday in an official opinion that a further opinion would be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green founded the sloteny fleetwood band in London in 1967 and today his dreamful drummer hit "Albatross" or "Albatross".
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was a rides road.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green grew rapidly - the band celebrated their biggest successes without him.
There should have been disputes on the grounds, among other things, that Green wished to donate all the profits of the Group for charities.
He began to perform in large tires and with great crucifix.
Mental problems should also have played a role.
Already three years after the foundation, Green left the band in 1970.
There was a social decline.
The Bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has long been treated in psychiatry.
During most of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the photo.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish family in the London Danube of Bethnal Green.
Already in young years he was enthusiastic for music guarantees such as King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years he learned the first guitar grubs.
At the age of 15, the teenager began to perform professional guitar and staged 5 years later his stage as lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners.
Not later, he was engaged as a substitute for his idol Eric Clapton in the bluesbreakers.
Green created Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blues boom in the summer of 1967, along with his bluesbreakers breakers Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Green's song "Albatross" awarded according to the group the first number one hit in winter 1968/69 and classified the group to the top of the British music scene.
But the rapid rise soon showed holdroom seemings to resemble: Green failed to allow the media breakover, his experiments with the drug LSD became more and more extreme.
He commented life between joining music and addiction in an interview later: "The worst thing which happens to me in life is drugs - the best thing was to land a part line 1 hit".
At the end of the decade, Green surprisedly won a salutary success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Fleetwood Mac will were swimng without it in a new formation on a wave of success.
Her 1977 album "Rumours" sold more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite different solo successes, Green did not make grand comicback until he re-engineered together with a group of friends of musicians in 1996.
The British "Daily Telegraph" talked of a rock star travelling back to the Earth.
Green released set albums free of drugs with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band expanded in 2004.
He has been a blues legend for music good-being specialists indeed and with his soft sound he became one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
