Bikers react quickly and prevent worse situations
On Friday evening a traffic accident occurred at the street between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcyclist man was injured slightly thanks to his quick reaction.
Car Driver Overlooks Bikers
A 44 year-old car driver wanted to turn onto the Produktionsstrasse 1230 towards Machtolsheim, at 21.30 p.m. with her VW from Merklingen, walking to the left.
Concerning these policies and policies, the Commission overlooked the 24-year old, unofficial motorcycle riders that began the finishing line towards Nellingen.
During the collision, hand and foot brake levers from trafficking
Still trying to squeeze the car, the biker tried to implement the vehicle received a permission for it all, but he carried the box box with a container. That is something we
The stripes' pulled the hand- and foot brake levers at the suzuki, and the driver was no longer able to straighten it.
In the moment, he mounted his motorcycle in the green stripes to the indoors of the railway and made its rolling out there, without falling down and then ending in the group's electric parapets!
Bikers suffer injuries
During the commission with the car, the biker nevertheless suffered a breach in the became martyrdom and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
After "mass infections" fraud on a large vegetable farm in the Niederbavarian mamming, almost 500 people were in quarantine and are no longer allowed to leave the facility.
A security service monitors the ban on declaration.
A total of 174 harvest-cofinants were tested positively on the Sars-CoV-2 Corona glucose, as announced on Saturday evening by the Council of Ventures of Dingolfing-Landau. In the since,
"In order to avoid further spread, to protect the population we are, unfortunately, unblean to take this step" said Regional Council Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees had already infected themselves during their production - this was the reason for the series test.
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red bedas – the cucumbers, but only for insulating glasses.
Mamming is a rural community with a population of 3300 and located close to Dingolfing with its big BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to enjoy calm: "According to our information this is a closed section of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
The Greens and the SPD have also exposed responsibility to the state government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the housing of seasonal workers.
"This can be bitterly revenged if such local vaccinations have to be take over and regional lockdowns are ordered", said Jürgen Mistol, the Executive Governor of the Green parliament.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"We believe that the question respective of hygiene conditions in the workplace and housing conditions must be rigorously monitored.
It is obvious that this has not happened."
The outbreak had come " with annual assertion".
Aidenbachstraße underground station: dangerous dispute : 19-year olds fallen into the track bed after Schuber
When one had any dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße underground station, a 19-year-old was thrown in by a push plate and slipped into a sealed tavern.
Obersendling -- Friday a government-elected dispute between 2 youth groups ran to the Aidenbachstrasse underground station near 16.15 a.m.
A passant alarmed the police, who went mad with multiple stripes.
According to the first investigations, a Munichese (17) brought to the ground a 19-year-old.
The young man slipped about the edge of the railway and fell into the railroads.
People from the group of the "17-year-old" helped to climb the raid out of the track.
There was no danger of an introducing railway.
As the police indicated, there are still further conflicts between the two people.
The 17-year-old originally fled from the place of fact, but his muster could be identified afterwards.
Alternatively, with his father being hom for a police inspection, he went to the second.
The 17 years old we will have the inquiry into any body injury as a result of the fatigue of the year.
Report: Seehofer urges for a longer retention of data
Data data retention is currently suspended.
In the course of a media report, however, the Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, asked for an extension of the period of retention.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
For the Federal Minister of Interior, Horst Seehofer (CSU) calls for an extended retention of data, following a media report – only six months ago - instead of the planned ten weeks.
As the "image on Sunday" reported, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) asked in a letter for a fast legislative change.
Seehofer therefore seeks to strengthen measures against child abuse.
He considers it useful to make "urgent necessary adjustments in the law now" cites the newspaper from the letter.
When data storage is currently banned, data retention is suspended.
It is expected to have a decision taken by the European Court of Justice.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
A spokesman from the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it was only good to verify whether there was a requirement for legal adjustment if the courts had decided.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seahofer, together with the ministers of the interiors of the countries, had already defended data retention in China back in June.
NBA: Stripclub hanger for Clippers-Star Lou Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), professional baseball of Los Angeles Clippers, is expected to have leaved the tournament quarter in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission for a wounded burial.
According to US media reports, he was later at the High School in Atlanta, where he attended the strip club “Magic City” in the evening.
Williams, who must have admitted the visit according to the ESPN specification, is again in isloadation, is tested daily on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings.
In February last year "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for these very whings, as he is called in the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
Thus the Clippers star misses the first two official plays after the testing phase.
In Disney World, the NBA wants to playor the Corona season.
Currently, the best 22 teams are preparing a range of training games to the season final starting on Friday on a night.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be available live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has harrimed public authorities and politicians.
On the major vegetable farm, nearly 500 hunting workers from several countries are now working, at an age of more than one third have been infected with the Corona plant.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one is allowed to leave the ground, food is being supplied.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As crop workers had little contact with the local population, the county council presumed the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Conscience": confession of the alleged firenighter of Nantes
"My client has been cooperative," said the lawyer, Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: 'He deeply regrets deeds and the confession was a liberation for him.
His mandate was 'surified by conscience and very much with the extent of destruction'.
In the event of a conviction, according to the public prosecutor, a man threatens ten years of prison and a fine of EUR 150,000.
The Gothic Saint-Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes had been seriously damaged during the night of last week, on Saturday, on a fire.
The fire had broke out in three places far varied from each other in the church.
Laboratory investigations had maintained suspicion of fire foundation.
The suspect who had just been imprisoned had already been arrested a few hours after the fire.
However, after a day he was released again.
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for closing the cathedral on the eve of the fire.
Since there was no trace of a violent incidence into the church, he quickly entered the spotlight of investigators.
Discussion on the abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that consideration be given to the abolition of the 50+1 rule.
"The German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the European Commission creates filled facts," Grindel said, "image on Sunday".
He emphasised: "For those clubs that are most likely to become dangerous Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules do not work - you can see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
Consequently, it will not fall around the discussion whether it is not necessary to facilitate the involvement of investors' associations wishing to break into this phalanx.
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a legal risk to apply an investment fence to the Bundesliga economic site in a single European market", said Grindel.
The former DFB head of EMNs will see "the attempt to create more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will, in the end, only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not lead to more exhaustion in
Even equal distribution of TV money will not have a decisive effect.
"The FC Bayern actions a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million, and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
In other words, the differences are already enormous even among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", said the 58 year-old.
With regard to the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and got through the press, instead of addressing it," said Grindel about the take-up of an expensive clock that led to his resignation in April 2019.
This has been a human matter that concerned me already.
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences from it," said Mr Grindel.
"I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and pointless way.
Many people in the DFB knew about this.
He never "made aanian hedge from the present", assured the 58-year-old.
"This may be called naïve, at least this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
Black Lives Matter: injured and a death
The protests against police force in the United States have again being scathed through Donald Trump’s use of federal police forces in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities.
In Louisville, three people were injured in the agreement and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shooting while a demonstration train just crossed a crossroads.
Previously, in Portland, there were conflicts again during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including officials from the Federal Police, used tear gas in the night to meet on Saturday and forciblely affect demonstrators.
Hundreds of, partly armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and demanded that the rulers responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor to be held accountable.
The 26-year-old student was shot at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
The aim of the Razzia was someone else who did not have access to it at all, and no drugs were found either.
When on Saturday a member of a group who called itself an armed alliance of black Americans shot off, three people were injured.
According to the broadcaster NBC, they were transported to hospital.
None of them lived in danger of life.
The police installed barricades because counterprotesters formed a white militia.
So in the end there was no meeting between the two groups.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
The police, according to their own circumstances, took a suspect in detention.
It has not provided more information on the circumstances of the case until now.
According to the New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler stated that he, like the many of them in the city, was 'diverse and is absurd' due to what happened.
Within the American metropolis of Seattle, demonstrators were also found to end the attacks with the police on Saturday.
They put building cars in front of a young prison, the police used blind granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were arrested for resistance against policemen and injury to the body.
In the city of Oakland in California, a court building was related in fire.
A small group of demonstrators launched windows, fireworks shot and police officials branded with lasers, informed Oakland's police at the late Saturday night (local time).
The fire could be deleted quickly again.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car driven through a crowd demonstrated on a motorway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Essentially in a court windows were opened there, and a fire was put in a propersion, as the police, was informed.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes despite Corona
Although the big hall was missing in the spa town, visitors and actors enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the Alternative program.
It was unusually used for visitors, actors and organizers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival.
But, even if the big party mile in the city center was missing, crowds and highlights such as the "room burn, the rakoczy ball, or the frontier, many wondered about the alternative tour complying
"I think we have managed to spread Rakoczy flair", says curitor-director Sylvie Thormann.
The suite had a tan internet level, i heard good and the room was very small so I liked the central design, the staff were nice and the facilities were beautiful with everything we needed
In principle, we come back to the beginning of the Rakoczy Festival, and simply the historians were the focus of the festival.
A pleasant atmosphere.
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
This is the case this time in the Corona year.
The couple has made a kind of party at the Luitpold casino, watch the historians at walking, listening to the Cuban live music at the game bank restaurant (J.K.
"I find it so pleasant", says Konhäuser.
They miss the masses, which otherwise belong to Rakoczy.
For this already you lack exactly the usual program highlights. Here visitors can see Slovenia first and foremost here house burns on Friday evening as well as its historic rebel, announce final fireworks on Sunday evening.
" That is a pity.
The weather would have been much better this year," she says.
Rakoczy tournament is on to take place again
The alternative programme meant, in part, more work for the performing artists of the historical guests.
For example, it is conditional upon Christina Gold, who participates in any formal year of fune and he is seen there on the card of the spa farm warrant “Kuhlergarten „café”.
This year she was travelling in Kostum on Saturdays and Sundays foot in the city.
"This is already more intense, otherwise we will have it easier," she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
"We hope that the sitzenrquadrille will be able to take place again next year," said the chairman Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 Corona cases involving Spanish two-lightsPejopod Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football professional CF Fuenlabrada is falling steeper and deeper into the crisis because of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer came from Madrid because of Airlines taking place in the first Corona attacks on July 20 which a fitness game started, he finished after the next a road to the town, called A Coruña (closing to one Consequently
Until Sunday, 28 players or team members were tested positively, one came to the hospital, as the club announced.
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name to the southeast of Madrid has still had a chance to reach the accents-playoffs.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, which received the prosecutors for finding a possible offence against public health, the supreme sports authority CSD considers the forced departure of the club.
Players and other team members are to sit in a hotel in quarantine.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine they did not receive fresh towel and no gel", wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
Photos shows how players hanging underwear and club clothes attending the hotel in their rooms for drying after they had to wash participants afterwards.
Out of thin line, the bed lens had not been changed for the course of five days.
Another problem is food.
Neither is it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The hotel manager said that it was all about hotel placements but opened because basic cleaning meant the trucks were partly designed for highe rates and the persons should not have ventilation.
The accusation of intentionally jeopardising public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
Before the departure there were four infected persons until 19 July, but all of them were isolated and without travelling there.
All of the players and team members have been later tested anderected immediately before the flight to A Coruña on Monday.
While the team was in A Coruña, it was positive one after five or six other team members during the main races at the Corona test.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attacks, said Tebas Llanas.
Police must catch exhausted horses on steam providers
Two animals were travelling on the street.
The police returned them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6 p.m., a traffic operator reported two riding horses on the ifted in the guide operating between the long journeys to Donersdorf/Steinsfeld and the motorway connection station Theres.
As soon as the officials arrived, the horses were already removed between the shuttle in Ritter and the place of Dampfach.
After better foundation the tenants gained the confidence of the horses shortly before the steam course, they could detach to suits the resolux of the rope tied out of the st.rL. trailcar.
Radprofessional Tony Martin: career continuation conveined
Time driver specialist Tony Martin thinks about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sport career.
"I am terrific with the team for setting the framework conditions for how and in what form its continuation could be;", said the 35-year-old for the "Frankfurt General Sunday newspaper".
Mrs Martin is currently involved with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had contemplated ending his career after this year before the Corona break.
In their negotiations with his team, we are also talking about the number of racing days, he said.
Or they have to face other problems that would present to him as a family father, Martin said.
Earlier he stood up after a fall, and the first thought was: "Recently back to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would be if?”
The cycle professor recognized that there is just such that there are aspects with which he is increasingly difficult to address.
"But it did me well to tell you from the Corona time when decided what I am doing in cycling and how much fun he is doing to me".
The time specialist will return to the competition during the Tour de l'Ain (Austria – 5th - 9th of August).
Bavaria: at least four deaths on Bavaria’s streets on the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets in many places.
For at least three people the tour ends with motorcycle deadly.
Another 18-year-old pedestrian dies.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several, mostly young people died in the weekend.
A perfectly 18-year-old motorcycle driver was captured at Schönthal (Cham district) on Saturday, in the county of Germany, by a car which was met with recurrence.
The first reason why the car came to the counter-curriculum was unclear.
On Saturday, a 22-year-old in Upper Bavaria met with a horse horsecout on his machine.
According to the police he was depopulated when He left an interest square in the Avant-garda, fanning the benefit of the crew and their lack of considered function.
Within a left curve, he generally lobbied the car andued against the horse.
His injuries were so serious that he died at the place of accident.
Of the twelve occupants of the horse, a man was seriously injured and a man was slightly injured, as the police reported.
Another fatal accident has resulted in an 18-year-old in the UpperPiculture of Bad Kötzting.
During the night, he talked to a street on Sunday and was overtaken by a 42-year-old car driver.
According to the police, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer brake in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Fryung-Grafenau) a 57-year-old biker burst just in a right row on Saturday, in spite of full backs, in frontal against a car.
He died at the place of accident.
The 57-year-old driver has suffered a shock, and the remaining three people in the car remained injured.
The safety of motorcyclists was addressed on Saturday by Bavaria's Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organisator of the bicylists' protests against road bans announced in August, Gabor Kovacs, the Minister referred to an important investment, such as inlet protection on the airlines and the unmingling of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a great deal for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years", noted in the letter.
"The number of motorised two cyclists killed reduced by approximately 28 per cent compared to 2011.
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - With its new clubs AS Monaco there will already be a reunion with a bridge about Frankfurt. With the participative sports cloud Niko Kovac concentrates in the European sector of
The eight-time French master will welcome his cosmopolitan homepadal on 1 August (18.00pm) at the Hessen club, the former Kroaten Club.
For the German liberal, it is the first and only hard test before the re-strewn jumping (August 6) at the European League against the FC Basel.
Due to the Coronavirus pandemic, the meeting is organised without a viewer.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends", explained Kovac.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year old.
Before going to the FC Bayern München , Kovac had trained the Hessen from 2016 on until 2018 and led to a victory in the DFB Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurt, I look forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac," said Eintracht trainer Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian had discovered the succession of Croatia during the cancellation.
In March this year, the Frankfurter family lost the eighth final battle against Basel in their own stadium, at 0:3.
Almost 50 new infections : Landkreis Hof close to the Lockdown
In the provincial district of Hof company the number of well-known new environmental infections increased this weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is resented and no longer informed in the country’s Statistics
In addition to this there is a case in the city of Hof.
This means that the Hof scale of the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants is approaching a week.
700 deaths from monsoon kills in South East Asia
More than 9 million people are affected by severe floods in South East Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed because of the strong moonsurage.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is trying to reach the isolated people in boats.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Tanning rays in National Park die from landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 armoured raiders died by landslides.
They are protected and considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year, the floods are particularly bad, which goes back to climate change for scientists.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New homes are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 displaced persons through flooding.
So far, only a few have been penetrated.
It is difficult to get the people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm is also remaining in Brenence today.
For those of you who used to have homes, it was small and sophisticated to a lodge, often they don't want to spend a share of their lives in a large living block.
Many homes are empty but, as the government wants, they should soon be removed from those who have lost their homes because of the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
In the 24-hour comparison, 60 new corona infections were notified in Vienna, and 22 new infections were reported in Lower Austria.
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the medical crisis unit of the city of Vienna regularly inform about the current case numbers and other key figures at the previous Covid-19 virus: back on Sunday, 26 July 20, 8:30h and confirmed positive tests in Vienna, 4.840 (+60).
The number of deaths related to the virus remains unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48) persons are enjoyed.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 on Sunday to 3,288.
A havtened age recently has been regenerated according to the restriction of the staff.
This increases the number of genes to 2.936.
Currently, 247 patients in the Land of Covid-19 have been suffering from the condition and results of risks.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ counterbids
The new claims could not be met, announced by the Ministry of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair", said an opinion.
'While 50% of the children live in poverty in Argentina, we cannot increase the short-term profits of our creditors'.
The debt of the second largest economy in South America is no longer sustainable under current conditions.
Hence, Argentina is asking its private creditors to reason as yet for some of their claims of around US$ 66 billion (approximately EUR 59 billion).
If an agreement is not reached, the country will again be threatened by default.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had called for higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The last inflation rate was more than 50%.
Experts are expected to decrease in economic power by approximately ten per cent over the current year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not reimbursed interest claims of $503 million, slipping into a limited default.
Working Professional Arrival - not yet privately entered
"It runs out supergood" - this conclusion draws Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelder.
At the end everything went very fast: in mid May, Dr Stefanie Kramer learned that she will take place in the Eggenfelder Notariatstelle the succession of Lutz Feller.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
However, “I still have to arrive in private,” she explains in conversation with the Rottal scoreboard and laughs.
The short time that originated ahead, of course, has not been sufficient to totally allow the surface base to relocate from Regensburg to Eggenfeldern, the native Dingolfingers reported.
Currently, she, with her husband who works as judge in Regensburg with the national courts, is engaged in the search for a suitable home or house in the city.
At least, their husband has been able to ask for non-parental leave in the shortest term to ensure the care of the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years of age).
In order to not have to go down from Regensburg every day, the grounds they can use for the first time also accommodate their parents in Dingolfing and the 39-year-old people state.
With its inhabitants who are an appreciate built-up in the neighbouring country, the city of Eggenfelden has, of course, for a long time been a term.
During experienced visits to the regional part of her family in the last months she once again stated: "Eggenfelden is an indeed beautiful small town".
Therefore, they were all the more pleased that they did the race during the competition for a vacant place.
She also plays a principal role in Dr Stefanie Kramer’s qualification procedure and briefs her home country of Lower Bavaria: after her studies in the Area of Law in Passau, she conducted her referendum time and the second state sexale in Regensburg.
Following several positions as a Notarassessor, with positions including in the fields of Rehau and Hof in Oberfranken, Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she was also schooling management share with the "beginning promotion" of the
In 2016, she went to parental leave, and eventually moved to Regensburg.
Since then, it has taken over representative services in various notaries.
When the job at Eggenfelden had been opened for expense of immediate retirement at Lutz Feller, she saw the good timing for the full return to work in the workplace, the 15-year-old states that he was the hit of the German Recently
The team of its predecessor, who accounts for future levisure representation in the notary office, has taken over what was necessary by Dr. Stefanie Kramer and who then portrays a very special appreciation for the team of the parent staff: "It runs supergood!"
The fact that she can use the mediation there makes it easier to take responsibility for the upcoming relocation of the private food point.
She has already entered in contact with a local institution on the non-woven ski rinu lections in Kindergarten-respective crabs.
And if everything fades as we wish, it hopes to be able to explore her ambitious team as soon as possible, and to get to know the most beautiful Jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to launch out of the ligast with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled up 20 percent. For the season start in the case of a-fant return.
"Because of the distance arrangement mandating to be respected, we are currently planning with magazines from 12.000 to 15,000 spectators," said Borussia Dortmund’s CEO, Carsten Cramer, living at
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
In the ghost games in the past season caused by the Corona pandemic, BVB lost some EUR 4 million per piece.
The cramer of the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation hopes that, apart from the normal places of viewers, some of the 4000 places in the Hospitality segment can be opened again. "It's obvious slap into the control when these revenue was rem
Faced with the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone may now be of "allied goodwill to take a stable page length for the first time".
“If many companies are not doing well and 6.8 million people are in short work in Germany alone, then the need for entertainment is limited," Cramer has says.
The Dortmund Marketing CEO praised the BVB professionals for nourishing income contributions helping to overcome the crisis: "Of course the players know that their wages have a different effect than we if we focus on short-term work for 100 people who work in merchandising
Microscene miracles: Early start in life with a few hundred grams
Hardly more serious than a packerl butter, just three table blood in his entire body: it was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The buf is one of around 400 breakfasts, which are taking care of any year at the Graz Crooked Children's Hospital.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so small and so early that neither lung nor intestine, nor muscles are fully educated.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothes and specially made mini windows for them.
But not so small that they were not with voice - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger cuts.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theatre in the classroom: Whiteboard as an event awarded Best Wedding to the 9th classes of the St. Jakobus Gymnasium in ab Abstsgmünd just before the holiday start.
Actress Julia Sylvester of the Theatre of the City of Aalen presented to the students with the production "The Home dress" - by video.
After this, students were allowed to exchange expertise and performance with the actress and director Winfried Tobias, who were assessed about his work and performance in Skype.
The idea was born for the performance format from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Whereas at the end of the day, all the involved, while they agreed that the fact that direct meeting in theatre and stage space would provide additional incentives, theater also shows how potential for contact to schools can be contained.
"If we further improve the technical framework, this could be an interesting complement to the event" commented Director Winfried Tobias.
Facing the first round: The TSV 1860 would meet in the DFB pokal at erreicht Frankfurt
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This resulted in the award which lasted on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round of the DFB game can be found.
The lions would meet if there were a successful qualification for Eintracht Frankfurt.
It was the result of the competition on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Because the participant field is already incomplete as a result of the Corona Pandemic orders, the materials intervention spaceholders were used during the draw.
The FSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Coal Festival (4, or 5th September), with the voluntary intention of defeating the FC Memmingen semi-final opponent.
There, the lions meet on either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If the two league operators reached Würzburg, the school would already have fixed qualifications to prepare for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to get excessively grown in the final game against beautiful regional lightist Aschaffenburg.
The first round of the DFB Cup will take place between September 11 and 14, launching one week before the third”.
"Violations from the Wind": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died on Sunday in Paris under and 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesperson at the German Press Agency.
As for Hamilton in the southern states, De Haviland was known for playing her role as Melanie Hamilton. He aimed at his attempt to conceal the wind in nineteententh century, Milaron and Hamil
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatrian Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia von Shakespeare's "Summer Night Dream".
The film studio Warner Brothers contracted her just for seven years and brought her outsized covers with Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the heartbreaker.
In 1956 she took began working with Objector CEO Lonice Kohama, whom she completed in 1964, harbouring the care of the first Oscar for the premier role of 'To Each How'. She also studied philosopher Lura Ass
The film was launched in Germany under the title "Mother's heart".
Three years later, the received popularity as the best actor in William Wylers' "The Heiress" (The Erbin).
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her executive role in the filming "My Cousine Rachel" for the first time in 1952.
The title has been a worldwide success.
With a long-standing friend Bette Davis, she played in "Wiegenlied für ein Körper".
The nun, Benjamin seems to have emerged from her marriage with Marcus Goodhrich (1946 - 1953). Together with other likeness commanders, she takes take over the nativeeity, while reading the words, whileping out much spirituality in the
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke out.
Rumours about an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss Finals at Comeback
The World Cup session of July's Thole and Clemens Wicklers missed the finals at the "Road to Timmendorf" beach volleyball tournament.
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf, they underwent their national team colleagues Niles Ehlers and Lars flights with 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
In September of last year Thole/Wickler had finally played at the World Tour Final in Rome.
In the final game on the Rhine, her Bezwinger-Ehlers/flights counted a defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:30:17, 17:21).
In addition to the tournament, three starting points for the German Championships were held in Timmendorfer Strand at the beginning of September: The tickets recorded Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/
Calbiz Distortion from AfD confirmed - FDP talks of "figish sheet"
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AFD person is, from the point of view of the FDP, only a fown sheet and does not change the character of the party.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremes in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AFD", said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
The Federal Burgundy of the AfD had confirmed, on Saturday in Stuttgart, after several hours of negotiations, the exclusion of Kalbitz, which the BundesBoards subsequently adopted by a majority of the German Federal Boards in
Kalbitz is the chairman of the AFD Group in the Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the impact of the AfD were to be consistent in removing far-right extremists from their party, officials like Björn Höcke and his supporters would have been excluded a long time ago," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to achieve this because the right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Similarly, CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said: "After Andreas Kalbitz remains excluded, it says nothing and does not change anything," he said the "World on Sunday".
"It talks volumes how many Frenetic supporters continue to have a right-wing extremist in the middle of the AFD".
Flower believes that the AfD will go to below five percent in election in the future.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted".
Kalbitz was one of the leaders of the officially disbanded "Wings"' to the third-party leaders of the Thuringian AfD country and group member Björn Höcke; the constitutional protection classifies the tension as a "what
In May, the Federal Board of AfD Indeed removed Kalbitz from the party.
The reasons for this stated that Kalbitz with the party entry had not indicated an earlier membership in the newly prohibited extreme extreme right-wing "Home Statutes Deutsche Jugend" (HDJ) and the Republicans.
Kalbitz disputes membership of the HDJ .
Also, the leader of the Leftist Group in Brandenburg Landtag, Sebastian Walter emphasised that the decision of the Bundesiedsgericht did nothing and nothing to change the character of the continued AfD: "The Wolf was only naturing
The AfD remains an extreme right-wing party, whether with or without calf".
Neither this decision will weaken the Federal Party nor the right wing.
"The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
We want to escape further observation by constitutional protection and try to get under the radar" said Walter.
"The AfD will not loose the spirits it called.
A suspension does not change since then,” commented Erik Stohn, Secretary General of the German SPD of Brandenburg, on the decision in the Kalbitz case.
"This is where the Afghanoing Federation and the group have kept their right-wing leader to this day".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz's membership of the AfD will continue.
The he announced on Saturday that he will now take some civil law against the decision of the Federal Court.
North Sea wind farms deliver about 21% more electricity
Wind canopy plants on the German North Sea have installed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year.
This is just around 21% more than during the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet announced in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of North Sea electricity to mainland and for transmission by the German electricity network.
Wind tunnels on the Baltic - which are not part of the TENNET network area - have fed further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) of their electricity.
The total wind flow from North and Baltic is 13.73 TWh, compared to there are about 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winter tapped at sea accounts for almost 19 percent of the entire wind flow in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms increase production capacity
Beside wind conditions higher production capacity, the increased contribution of offshore wind energy has been connected since new new wind farms have been placed on the grid over the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all running all at the same time as fully, they could providechnically 6.7 gigawatts of electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; it is 7.1 gigawatts, according to the tennet.
As of 2030, it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, we have up until that time invested EUR 20 billion in the development of offshore networks," said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms can not take advantage of their capacity at sea, but reach about 40 percent.
The record day recorded this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, North Sea windbikes produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity, equivalent to three to four nuclear power plants.
This could provide electricity to almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the Funder Kunstverein: the opening of the exhibition "Skirmish" with the works of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold exploded the usual framework after the Corona break.
Many more art friends than usually followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Kornhausplatz.
In the north of the gallery, the association "Sandtogether".
Freitale: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day celebration scheduled in September.
In other years, more than 30, 000 people attended this city festival.
"We have not really made that decisionasy and hoped by the last minute, aware of how difficult it is for the targeted parties", said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partiles).
"But in the end, we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people as an organiser".
However, if tens of thousands of people had emigrated to mainzain grounds and to the summit, minimum distances, hygiene rules and contact prosecution could not have been followed in line with the current Coronash Protection Regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that much would not be left of a popular festival.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring effort would be increased disproportionately by a multiple number.
Rumberg replaced the executive for next year.
The city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, with the Winter Mountain Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 as well as the day of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth in Achleiten not to defeat
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic victory Isabell Werth was the superior rider at the Dressur Tournament in the Austrian Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the winter weekend at four starts.
After having gained a Grand Prix each time she started up with Weiegold and Quantaz she was not effective on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and on point.
On Sunday in the Special at the 15-year old queue Weihegold, Werth committed a decisive eight-year outright action against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Aeglanges
The German lying on Quantaz, on Saturday, clearly before she went to the 34th-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer.
-The winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful Dressor-resider in the world is to establish the ten-yearly Stringst in the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first shortcomer at all.
At the first round of your tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University is continuing to move forward to the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" founded a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
A contract between the University and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The contract was first concluded for three years and will launch in 2021.
The professional is here to allow the study to start not only in the summer but also in winter semester.
This will enable education to be educated twice as many students as they have infronted to date.
At the same time the capacity will be transferred in a widespread period both at the university and at the DFS Academy of Air Traffic Regulations.
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and occupation of the professional.
Represented at the University since 2019.
Since the summer semester of 2019 the first students have been with the private course of Air Traffic Management in the context of their training for air traffic controller at the University of Worms.
Nine students have already started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS is very positive, and the student performance is excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training makes a major contribution to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilots' occupation.
"In these times, we do not find it easy to economically support.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to meet our legal requirement in the future we we need highly qualified staff", says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman of the Decree of Efficiency at the signing of the contract.
"For the DFS, the Foundation Professore is a flair nonprospective investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad knowledge base, across the technical spectrum in the long term.
We are therefore continuing the system to work properly with the higher education, while at the same time backup confirming our attractiveness as an employer".
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
With it we would like to follow up the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual bachelorus course Air Traffic Management".
The Confidence of Deutsche Air Safety is also for the headquarters of the University of Worms Motivation and a commitment to expand their teaching and research skills further in the future fields of aviation.
In order to help the air traffic controllers of tomorrow, university, with its first foundation professor for a dual course at universities, can place particular highlights and innovative focus for their students.
Dr Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, stresses: "The University of Worms has an absolute position in the field of air navigation and Rheinland-Palatinate with its main focus on the new form
Today's signature of the Cooperation Treaty strengthens the profile of the higher education.
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
Around 30 minutes Autobahn A45 was completely blocked on Saturday morning in the direction of Aschaffenburg, because according to a traffic accident the rescue helicopters were utilised.
A 76-year old led straight along with a Ford at 12.40 a.m., at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in the curve and landed on the contributory course.
By the impairance the front airbags triggered, the driver suffered small injuries in the face and had to be put into hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72-year old cabin were supplied by the emergency facilitator and the patient then flown to hospital after the rescue helicopter.
At the current time, however, the police assume that there is no risk of a life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of approximately EUR 2000, had to be pulled down.
Health seeks to assess other sectors by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation to light again in parts of the meat industry.
The legislative tightening is about to come.
But are they right - and will it stay there?
Federal Minister for Employment Hubertus Heil (SPD) is now intended to review other sectors, under the strict regulations now in place to resolve the market problems in the meat industry.
"We will look at an industry and then take appropriate measures for the industry, if necessary", said Heil der Deutsche Presse-Agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
After the massive corona eruption at the Meat giant of Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Cabinet want to approve a law of salvation this Wednesday.
Large slaughter shops will no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
To this end, the application of work contracts and temporary workers should be prohibited there.
Employers President Ingo Kramer said the dpa (dip: "Finger away from a general restriction on work business contracts and recruitment, if we do not want the economy to ripent completely".
Working contracts, for example, presuppose that for value added on the customer, wider areas of the artisanal industry, the construction industry and plant construction are the basis for their value added, which is of definite importance to the company
"The misuse of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Healt assured: "My goal is not to ban work contracts everywhere in the German economy".
Work contracts make sense.
"If an industrial company is still the register of a craftsman to build a safety machining plant, that's a normal working contract".
The German meat industry considers a ban on plant contracts and temporary work to be unconstitutional in its own sector alone.
It is not textable why, in the future, the export and packaging of cheese should have a different working law so than what is true of sausages, the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" said in an opinion on the legislative proposal.
With a ban, consumer prices would therefore rise by doing between 10 and 20 percent per kilo and product.
Many Eastern European employees from works contract companies worked sometimes 16 hours a day in the industry after the final result had been verified by the NRW Labour Protection System's Administration.
often they have not had a break.
Pay has been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It has also been noted that the situation of accommodation methods associated with employees has often been miserable.
Heal said that a relatively sharp law had entered into force for the meat industry already in 2017.
However, the thinking that these are "stricken constructions' was used by avoiders.
"Now there needs to be fundamental cleaning-up now"
The politician announced 'In the labour protection law which we intend to adopt in the Cabinet at the end of July, measures relating not only to the meat industry - for example, higher standards of inspection in occupational safety or clear criteria
The draft before us includes amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat sector and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg’s Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considered that more intensive controls are needed.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more staff posts are also needed for more controls as well.
Three deaths in crash of ultra light aircraft in Germany
In Germany, three people died – according to the police – when an ultra-light aircraft was crashed to a multi-family house in Wesel in the German Land of North Rhine-Westphalia.
A child has been slightly injured.
Two more people were being saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district office said.
A parachute had been found at the accident point, the police said.
The "Rheinische Post" reported to eyewitness that before the private crash, the plane convacted with a hot air balloon.
The house is a single or two-family house.
Further details were not reported at the first stage.
Clearing Frankfurt Operenplatz peacefully
And one week after the troop in Frankfurt, the clearing of the opera square was also peaceful at night on Sunday.
The last few dozens of people were still in the square, but left it at 1 a.m. before the breakout height started.
The police have been in operation ever since the early evening with numerous retired officials, while there has also been a higher police service throughout the city area.
For the first time, this weekend, from midnight onwards, there was a ban on entry into the Opera Square where hooligans were shelved one week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured after police entry, several police vessels damaged.
The weather day had very cold, as the room was quite big and we had to get it hanging out too.
Car overcomes: Young woman seriously injured back in the event of accident on the Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
Facing an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered serious injuries at 13.25 a.m.
She was brought to the hospital in Kassel.
By developing a heat-picture cameras, the fire-fighting force was looking for possible company drivers.
According to the police on the federal road 83 he entered in the direction of their place of home at a time when her car came from the train out of its previous source and who had had grown itself out repeatedly.
In order to save the devastated baggage experience, the firefight had to run the roof of the car.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
The drone steel from Warburg, which also works with the thermal image cameras, was also ordered for the search for persons.
However, the operation forces did not find out between the high maize plants.
The heavy injuries were delivered to the Kassel Clinic with the rescue car.
Almost 50 dollery forces from the Firewehr in Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The Federal Road was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Master in Italy
Turin - After a break-through day of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin was secured the Italian Championship for the ninth seasonal series.
The team around the five-time world footballer made the a total 36th scudetto of the rachel's history with one 2:0 (1:0) on Sunday evening at the United States Home Game against Sampdoria Genoa perfect.
Ronaldo met at 1:0 before the middle.
With 83 points, Turin, who happened without the almost long-hit former national player Sami Khedira, is no longer parenting two days out of second between the end of the season year A.
The table second Inter Milan is seven points behind.
Despite high optical supreme, Juventus was harmless in the first half of this period, and, following a freeriding variant yet, Ronaldo met with the last action.
An example by Miralem Pjanic re-erected the 35 years old from the civil space boundary directly with a flat shot (45.+7).
Against the more offensive guests, Ronaldo was also contributing to 2-2, after his shot he dusted Federico Bernardeschi (67.).
This has ensured the unshameable but decisive success.
The spectrum floated into the table of the 89th minute should only have been correctly disabled against Ronaldo, however a value for the Torfasen was contained in the third update.
"It is complicated to remain mental and physical for 90 minutes at ball height.
The games are strange, and the moment changes very easy," trainer Maurizio Sarri said after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Due to the defeat the reassembling turners didn't have the perfect duration to play the championship.
The ultimately reassuring incentive in the top table, Juve was born lastly thanks to the weakness of the competitors.
Because in the eleven matches before the game on Sunday, the Sarri team has fled and served as five victories.
The question of whether Ronaldo will also become fattorney King is questions.
Whereas the Portuguese superstar have established 31 goals, the former Dortmund Ciro real mobile, after a three-pack basis, staged 34 companies with the Hellas Verona in five of the top 56 tables; as many as Robert Leonewandowski
The record in Italy is awarded by the present Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentinean earned 36 gates for the SSC Naples in the 2015-2016 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
Juventus is standing at the eighth Finals of the Champions League, but a 0:1 playgap must be held on 7 August towards Olympic Lyon in order to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
During the next K.O. round, Real Madrid or Manchester City would be waiting as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal authors cover
Stuttgart - Despite all threatened penalties and court judgments, motor drivers continue to provide gas in countless illegal cracks on the Baden-Württemberg roads: Last year and the first four months of this year, police in the south-west have recorded more than
While there are no comparisons for previous years, the registers are increasingly setting up the judicial authorities: in 2018 a total of 155 investigative cases were carried out for illicit races; 252 previously, and 2013 led between Normand Mannh
Scores in 2006 were less allied with organised events, as suggested by the Ministry of the Interior answer to a request from the Landtags-SPD.
In most cases over equipment drivers had spontaneously come up against each other, or they had been retired from the police ... that is also pointed to as an illegal race.
The mountains were in front of German men aged between 18 and 60 years in particular.
113 financial penalities - 15 times imprisonment
Only in a relatively few cases have the rasers been caught and also currented: according to the Ministry of the Interior, 113 fines have been imposed in total shallow and 15 prison sentences have been declared separately since 201
However, there is no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually increasing.
Instead, other car drivers reacted more sensitively than before and driven more frequently because of the many tragic accidents and processes recorded in recent years, according to a ministry spokesperson.
The motorway 8 is especially popular at Rasern, which continually tpress confident drivers about the traffic in their homepage for more space and use the free route for a racing.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught under the cover near Kirchheim and there were even 18 drivers at the AC at Merklingen for three months before.
A81 is the most popular race track.
On the A81, the police register even more races than any other federal motorway.
At a speed limit the testing is performed to breaks the laser out of the particularly affected section between dwardning and the ghost.
The most popular, high-priced sports and luxury cars are consultants of Swiss reasonably because drivers are turning to Germany for the number of roadbikes and birthbusinesses in neighbouring countries, due to the high penalties incurred in5).
For the SPD, the speed limit should not be reduced to a few routes: "With a general speed of 130 kilometres we would manage this problem on motorways", says Martin Rivoir, the Transport experts in the SPD helicop
In other words, "The threshold on rasers would be significantly higher if you couldn't be here and then legally at 200 kilometres and more.
Rivoir says less of education or image campaigns: ' those buying in such a way leverages all rules and puts at risk not only their own lives, but also the lives of other traffic users are very hard to ever get.'
ADAC calls for stronger police action
On the other hand, ADAC is not sufficient: "We think that Raser cannot be dissuaded by the tempols," says Holger Bach, Director of Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
Strikes from high artistic trend are becoming more painful and experimental: since January 2019 and by April 2020, three people have died in the races according to their circle, two of them dead during a nontice crash in Stuttgart's city centre and one in Gerlingen.
There in November, two young men were expected to have won their authors also.
One of the vehicles demoled from the road, robbed against a garden wall and remained up on the side that died 18-year-old front-passenger.
21 more people have been injured during the races of the last two years.
However, Mr Thomas Strobl, Minister for the Interior, believes that more stringent penalties are not necessary: "legislative action to better drive into the penalisation of illegal car sessions is not seen, says the Ministry for the Interior paper.
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger Sprinkler steals beverages from receptilation
Rohrdorf: A man broken up on Thursday in Rohrdorf (Circle of Calw) in a snack and stolen drinks and cash.
At 3.40 a.m., a witness heard noise loft on the valley road and jumped in the direction of the snake.
Surviving on the fridge from Press office, he noticed a man who took a drink at the refrigerator and left the machine after a loosen entrance door.
The perpetrator flew into the direction of the meadows behind the snacks.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: it is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters at maximum dimensions and a strong stature.
In fact, he was carrying a black capude pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
Other witnesses receive further attention from the police.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
Radprofessor Pascal Ackermann won his second day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
These were the seasonal victories of three and four for Ackermann.
In the overall value his Austrian team member, Gregor Mühlberger, followed the event.
This is what in itself was the 26-year-old nation who had decided to skathe mountaineering in the morning and to take part from the top in the classment.
Only 104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I am really happy to start the season's second show with a victory," Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic," said the 26-year-old.
He just slammed his sprint 300 metres before the finish, "and it also failed perfectly".
According to the rules of the World Association of UCI, a Corona assessment was made for all race participants and their attendees six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, drivers and carers in insulated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and from the media.
Viewers of the start and finish were not allowed.
Staff guidance provided statement on an instruction on the restoration of lay marble
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a multi-family house one child (4) suddenly was liveless in the water context while bathing.
According to the fire brigade, the emergency call was received entirely shortly before 13:00.
"A scenario pooling disponent immediately gave instructions for the94airist releases," said a fire-fighter speaker about BILD.
The receiving rescue workers took over the recovery measures little later.
The child living in danger of life was transported to the hospital under rehabilitation.
Why it was scambled is unclear.
The police have routinely started investigations into the problem of the accident.
The fire speaker: "We are boosting a tragic accident in the appartment".
Nürnberg: Unapproved Tuning meeting - police intervene, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and the danger of more than 1000 people took part in a tuning meeting on the parking grounds of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The police implemented their announcement to strengthen the control of these events.
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg’s Southern Moreover, Sunday.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to the police force of Central France an increased volume of vehicles at around 10.30 a.m. utilized by the Nuremberg transport police in the area of a large parking centre in the Ingolstadt street.
Then the police carried out a numbers of vehicle controls there.
Only recently the police announced that they wanted to step up action against so-called auto-posters.
Illegal Tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the "scene"
The officials were in the top for nearly 700 vehicles and approximately 1000 people, accounting for the police.
However, that is only a small proportion of representatives of the "autoposers" and the tuning scene should be added for this.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene followed the appeal for the police.
It therefore appears that, on the basis of the vehicles and persons on the ground, those people who are considered to be particularly capable can find that these are mainly school guys
In addition, the majority of the persons present observed current infectious claims, in particular compliance with the minimum distance and serveration of mouth nose protection.
The control measures carried out on the ground were closed at 1.00 p.m.
In total, officials in 10 vehicles appreciated such changes in construction that the operating permit had been erased.
Four of these vehicles had to be secured.
No authors
There have been no illegal author races.
"The Police Board of Central France will continue to bear in mind what is his say and continues to implement enhanced control measures, including in connection with the arrival of students", she said.
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schroedinger of the curtain company involved : "They have all beautiful rims that we should not scratch" as Schrödinger says.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Even because the cars are wider, the company must take care not to damage.
"Young people should eventually get their cars without accommodation".
Working Agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin - The German Federal Employment Agency (BA) proclaims that approximately 900 cases of suspicion are being abused when the operation is disbursed regarding short employment benefits, as complied with its memorable stat
"This is extremely little in more than 880,000 companies that have been short training," said the management board responsible for the operating business Daniel Terzenbach of the "Frankfurter General Zeitung".
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally the test takes up to three weeks.
"So much time has not been available for us in this hot phase.
This is, then, what we will be looking at more closely at the final accounts.
There will certainly be some more.
We are not naive there and have a long breath".
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions involved.
In addition, the BA analysis software uses to identify misuse patterns.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn .
"Will there be significantly more insolvency than in the previous year?
The assessments differ, but we are radically bowling to the case and are already training our employees in the employment agencies to deal with insolvency payment applications.
The figures are still unrobilized, Terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Disbanded party in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The present code was dissolved at 20.48 p.m. by the district drivers of the Foundation Prussian Castles and Gardens (SPSG) and communicated to the Foundation on PNN request.
The young people would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening a number of young people would have played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared up by riders, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and time again; we call the incombation of illegal celebrations in parks
The Foundation's parks seasonically produce collections where the rules of leaning and hygiene are not respected by covid-19 environment regulations.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without a Corona regulation, the parks are closed if darkness falls.
The storage of meadows is prohibited under the parking regulations; there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors are leaving more and more waste and destroying protected biotopes.
In Berlin, in the meantime, illegal park parties have reached a different dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, 5000 people celebrated an illegal technology party the night to Sunday.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria : mass tests following Corona outbreak in tourist destination
With hundreds of tests the authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular South-Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as indicated by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were still expected in the evening.
Therefore, many of the infected are young trainees in tourism businesses, but at least one tourist request has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The closing hour was set at 23 a.m.
"There are the cancellations and cancellations" of bookings, said the CEO of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Association, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Even individual guests are drawn before the necessity of a commercial arrival.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season around one third of guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first infections had become publicly known.
The head of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended on Saturday the behaviour of the practitioners who had celebrated in several local offices and could have contaguered them.
"We all liked this in our youth," he said to the radio station Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourism Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Covid-19 by young people.
From Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
The outbreak creates an arousal of remembrances of the Austrian ski and party port Ischgl in Tyrol, which used to be the centre of the Corona spreading speech throughout Europe in the initial stage of the pandemic.
A total of more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
The concentrations attained in the new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) -- The United British Football Record Manchester United will return to the Champions League after a year of absence to a Japanese critical vote.
The Red Devils secured the third point for the Premier Leagueth on its METEdition Table previously during the second day 2009 with a 2:0 (0:0) success against Leicester City.
The Foxes are now having to be pleased with the Europe League because the FC Chelsea was standing over and if you qualified as their fourth wish it would also fare the part of the competition.
In the fight against the descent, Aston Villa was allowed to venture.
Manchester United was led by a criminal crime by Bruno Fernandes (71 minute).
After a Red Card for Leicester City in theafter-playing time Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the end.
Chelsea, in the Champions League eighth hosting championship of FC Bayern, accomplished a leap because of Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) in parallel renewal with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton work
"This means a lot to me", said Trainer Frank Lampard, who was also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal for his first season as a through Chelsea coach.
Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspire, which joined the Wolves with a leak 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and started as the sixth and sixth at the Europa League.
Aston Villa assimilated the bottom path with FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, but had to kill for a good time around the reservation of class avorites on West Ham United.
The latest direction of Jack Grealish (84.) immediately resigned to Andrej Jarmolenko (85. ).
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club which achieved three training trainers in the season is dropping after five first league years.
Just like Bournemouth, who was unable to save themselves quietly in FC Everton with a 3:1 (2:1).
At the end of the day, there was one point missing.
The FC Liverpool, which is already admitted as an English master since the end of June, secured a completion record of the Deal with a #3:1 (1:1) winning at Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest score that Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp said it was just conferences with his team in English football and in England he simply missed the record for the score itself.
The best brands are held by Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/18 season.
After the Newcastle play in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) shot the game on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season" stated Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
"It will be difficult".
In the end the Premier League bosses are likely to be satisfied.
Because of the coronavirus crisis, the experience of football in England was suspended from 13 March to 17 June.
Meanwhile, even an early termination or arrangement of the remaining games on neutral ground was discussed.
But the season began to be finished without any significant events – though, as in Germany, without spectators at the stadiums.
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Head of Government Netanyahu’s are becoming increasingly violent.
There have been violent conflicts during the night.
The Israeli police forces have violently acted in Jerusalem by the night of Sunday against action against participants of a demonstration against the right-wing conservatives Chief, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were arrested for taking part in unrest, shared police officers Micky Rosenfeld.
Among other things, the police used water vapours to dissolve the reputation.
A total of about 6,000 people, near Netanyahu's headquarters, had gathered on Saturday evening, according to media reports.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, beamed sincerely in horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Participants have also been arrested to an counter-demonstration supporting Netanyahu, reporting the news page "ynet".
People demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including front of the private villa of the leading Presidency in the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured in the neck.
In Jerusalem and Tel Aviv there have recently been several demonstrations against Netanyahu.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Lastly, Netanyahu was also criticised for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among other challenges, Chrone reserves attenuated relaxation and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave. She is already alienate with his two concealed architects.
The Corona crisis has severely increased the country's economy.
The unemployment rate was last case more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter arrives at car - 9 injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de .
Ahlen - On Saturday afternoon, repeated an accident called for nine light injuries on the B58 in Ahlen.
A driver driven in the direction of Beckum with her two children (3, 5).
The police Police 1: 'Probably suddenly have stalled it because it wanted to take off'.
It seems that the driver of a Mercedes transporter who was behind her has to be seen too late.
He turned it on the back back on the car.
During the accident, three passengers were slightly injured in the car and six in the transporter.
Several rescue cars brought them to the surrounding hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
North Korea has so far seen a "shining success" in its own security measures to address the coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Due to the first official Corona suspects to be held in the country, North Korea has completely sealed off a large city for fear of a disaster.
Despite the strictest epidemiological defence measures over the past six months, "the malicious virus could have been placed into the country," reported the State media.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership called for the highest level of alarm.
If the suspicion is confirmed, it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2, in the country closed to replace power for wisdom.
North Korea has so far not registered any infection, according to its own labels, and described its defense measures as "virgin" success.
The information was doubted abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms of disease were detectedwith the "exuberant" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago, and had now returned to the border.
South Korea was first not confirmed regarding the crossing of its border within the four kilometres wide and largely the mining of a military buffer zone.
However, according to National News Agency Yonhap reports, South Korea’s military recognized the possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
There have been investigations into some people.
North Korea appealed on Saturday, according to its own data, for suspected action, for an urgent meeting held by the Labour Party's Politburo chaired by President Kim Jong Un.
"The dangerous situation in Kaesong could cause a fatal and destructive disaster".
Kim already organised on friday 'as a preventive measure to block Kaesong completely and isolate each district and region from others', he said.
The person involved, as well as all the people in Kaesong who would have had contact with them, have been all being made under quarantine.
The central military commission in the Party should therefore investigate the 'emergence loss', as well as the conduct of the responsible military unit, and, where appropriate, impose severe sanctions.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Brappage ahead of the Council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer rest.
"In addition to environmental issues, board members will also vote on, among others, the development plan for the major project Centre Development-East", it was conventionally given as an offspring in the central part of the urban press release for the the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 July at 16:30 in the Grand
Especially the upgrading of the eastern city is, however, the discussion until the end of the previous month is controversial.
The majorities for this are scarce, especially in individual committees, depending on their presence there.
An appeal from the industry (building, real estate, trade and IT), the project, which emerged from the citizenship, and then developed by the administration and local council, not to fail now after almost 10 years of preparation, critical objectives Reinhard Klein over a "extra-par
"All believe it is better to know", says Small, who has been considering the public council as the only representative of the population list as Pforzheim for over one year.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The location makes the city cheaper and, contrary to what is stated by the town administration, the income will be needed after grants to the guestbs, exploring on whose very useful environment small people are convinced
The city will develop very differently from forecasts being made in the Town Hall and by economic supporters.
Specialized in designing the City by setting up its own power and not an investor, this was Plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative approach.
It also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall, the opening of the cavalside, the reitherance of the Ex d 42 for administrative areas and a smaller city reorganisation, ideally with local parking facilities.
Environmental issues play a key role
In addition, in particular environmental issues will play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road transport, such as, in many cases, its temporary consequences.
In a press release, the locally held Transport Club, Germany, welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, but the serious leaders of the city are not innocent of this because, through negligence in lines road traffic and bit promotes bicycle transport, they only contributed to a massive increase in coach traffic and the fear of
The Municipal Council also votes on the participation of the city of the Energy and Climate Agency, Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, it is the agenda of accession to the CIP on Climate Change amount from the Land of Baden-Württemberg, the redefinition of parental contributions in the urban childhood institutions, and application to be included in smart-city support
Citizens are welcome, but they must take account of the corona protection measures.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann launched into the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
The first testing rides took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operation.
For Zimmermann, the main purpose was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from gaining up to his first search of services in the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
"There are a few things which are different from the Porsche which were sampled by the previous season," says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it really has been a lot of fun".
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, together with whom he will share his orang sports car in the GT Masters.
Although it has only experienced more than 25 years, the Netherlands has received expertise in GT sport and has been able to assist its new team member in many implications.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports, but every new series in Menorca also brings with it new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
In this areas - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also hold its first race.
After 31 July, the 33 super sports cars will be slown through the Lausitz discount office.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was the last guest in the motodrome.
"It worked quickly and I had to get someone Accusable at the track", says Zimmermann, who launches for the Friedrichshafen Race Community Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you need to meet optimally in order to be quick".
In that case, how quickly Zimmermann really is it is turned out in two weeks.
" The teams poker a bit, of course, when they fit the tests," he says.
"Finally, we are very pleased and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring.
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a densely pressed calendar.
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November.
What is currently present is that no spectators will be allowed - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
The British Minister for Transport of Quarantine Decision Cold
The UK government's decision to put special holidaymakers in a quarantine for two weeks after their return has coldly caught the country's transport minister, according to press reports.
This means that Grant Shapps is currently on holidays in Spain, thereby his colleagues at home, decided to take the measure on Saturday in the name of the territory .
Because of the increased Corona numbers in Spain, the London cabinet cut off the country from the list of countries which enable entry without quarantine conditions.
This new regime will apply from today, Sunday, so Shapps will have to have to return to quarantine at the end of his return.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
The scheme applies only to those who are on the holiday dates by the date of the reflection, only from Saturday 1 August, and has not been introduced overnight.
In addition, in Austria, Spain has so far been considered one of the 'safe countries' for which no quarantine is needed in Austria.
"Numerous ministers in advance should have known that there is a possibility of clarifying a quarantine for tourists in Spain", said Labour Member Diane Abbot.
"But apparently no one has made the trouble to say Grant Shapps'.
Just a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the strict preliminary closure, the infection figures are increasing once again in the country.
Virologists bear especially the responsibility of their nightlife for the new spread.
Spain is one of the very most popular holiday countries in the British.
The British Government, with the exception of the popular Canaries and Balearic Islands and visitors from Britain who are sorely frequented by their travelling religious potentieties, is advising lesser journeys to mainland Spain.
So far in Spain more than 272,000 infections have been recorded with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hyper-self weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced, on the day of the military system in his country, the equipment of the military ships with modern hypersound weapons.
With these weapons unique in the world, the fighting opportunities offered by Russian naval forces would be expanded, etc. Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central maritime parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence InterFax, the Agency also informed about the successful tests of the hyper-slot Zirkon which was built for the Navy.
Hypersound weapons have a multiplication of the sound speeds of about 343 metres per second.
They are considered as the weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo will continue to be built
The Mor rategion on the larger movement of the construct in advisory of the surface is the single. Notable indigenous aspects of the plan are to be clarified as long as a moon was finally forced
The planned sea thread is planned to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who himself also drove using a military boat, said that this year, this year alone, 40 new vessels would be installed in the service of the various fleet associations in the largest capital of the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the Marine has protected Russia guaranteed reliably, said Putin at the day celebrated by Mr. Matrosen nationwide.
At many other Russian sea locations, the naval forces also exhibited parades on the day of the marine.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting from each other, alongside leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated its strength with a search in the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
From a video published by the Ministry of Defence not only war ships, including a submarine, but also military helicopters and jets.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: assistance due to Corona making aid more difficult
Washington - The first hurricane of this year's season above the Atlantic has joined the country in Texas.
Evidence-threatening floodings, strong winds and severe rains now threatened parts of the US state, announced the NOAA National Hurricane Center in the night on Sunday (rituality) throughout the US Climate Agency.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The corona pandemic that breaks Texas complicates the work of aid workers, says Abbott goes on to say or say, according to the US media.
Evacuated for caution Called
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
With regard to hurricanes in Texas, he added, "This challenge is complicated and are further exacerbated, given that it is bumped through an area which is the most affected territory of the state", he said.
According to Johns Hopkins Hopkins University, some 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who would have to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It is important that everyone stands apart.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition, emergency accommodation should be tested on Corona.
The damages initially had only been reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning Returned
"Hanna," according to the authorities, had reached the island of Padre Island on landing at wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour, directly front of the coastline of Texas.
The tropical storm had previously been levelled to the lowest level one hurricane.
When the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was initially aired and later withdrawn.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" is continuing to drive place within the country and move to the north-east of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" travelled down to Hawaii on Sunday in the night, with quick wind speeds of around 150 kilometres per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to weaken further.
This means that it should be very close to the other building ones, on Sunday (local time) and above the largest islands of Hawaii--then just below the Hurricane Threshold.
Over the Atlantic, The NOAA expected an above-average Hurricane season this year, following a May prediction.
It is expected that up to 10 hurricanes would percise as from June to the end of November; up to six of these could become very strong hurricanes, the authority declared.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Given available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season of only 30% is below average at 10%, the reported decision was to make representatives of a san
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is monitoring the storms closely, and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates missed: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic have been dismissed two doors away
Naples – Four gates licensed, four gates missed: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a black eight at The SSC Naples in the Italian Football League Serie A - and was right on the video assistants of the referen
"A festival of not given gates for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so driven against a team," commented the "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples had gone through a door of the foreign defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in which the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic acclaimed first the settlement.
The Video Assistant Referenee (VAR) retreated the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot off the ball again - once again the VAR attacked.
Also the gates of attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) also withdrew the team of arbitrators following the Pinciff Race Association.
In the coming season, Allan made the 2:0 end region for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology ensures recordings," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard infringed
Munich (dpa) -- The start in the hot real-life preparation phase for the Champions League started with a setback for Double re and FX Bayern.
After a short holidays and days of training and hopefully good, Hansi Flick must continue going beyond the establishment of its first team training to consider how he can redesign his successful defence following the injury of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The francise, who has the third most deployment minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and theief-Cover chief Joshua Kimmich, suffered a violation on the left's foot and threatens to be left out in decisive roy
In the München Schuddelweather the right defender precluded a training game, and was driven from place with a golf card.
How long the unrestricted tribe player has to be in the fights for the title is open.
An effective team in the eighth final match against the FC Chelsea on 8 August may be hard to bring before the final tournament, starting in Lisbon on 12 August, the 24-year-old is entitled to be hopeful.
The Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the malignance of the training on Sundays.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
High quality, intensity, and concentration are expected to show its drummer’s victorious title parts in their future 28 days according to the king’s class at the end of the season on August 23rd.
"We have simply mastered the duties to run the championship and major tournaments in an excellent manner.
This is now the part of the program, we need to create something that is special”, Mr Flick said.
But until Munich is concrete with the final tournament and this was a training camp in the Algarve, the first eighth final rule will be taken against the FC Chelsea of Star-Fall.
After the 3:0 stem before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"We have to go through the door for the first time.
We want to win, create good conditions and go to project the confidence with a good game," according to Flick.
A test of vote will be due on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long address Flick went his own stars who had holidays following the double of 13 days to a unique August.
He welcomed 31 players at Sabener Strasse , including new realization players for the price building of Leroy Sané, who, for the first time after his change in Manchester City, was treying all of the new colleagues.
"Leroy was putting himself in the middle like all new & well done", reported Flick.
But instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. can't be highly jokes, Fick preferred to talk about the current title project of the German series championship.
After days of single and small group training, to strength is now under training as counters for those Londoners who, as opposed to the Flick Ensemble, are gamed back at ray rates.
Followsing that, there may be a quarter final farther in Munich against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, a semi-final fully ran over with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin identifying
A path to the finals in Lisbon is not as easily stressed by the chief coach, who from Tuesday can trust the services of his new assistant, Miroslav Klose, in the training.
The WM-Recorder Keynote Klose and Flick aware of some of the joint tournament preparation, which is particularly important for the 0-100 match.
With his current team program, the work was "a pleasure", we appreciated Flick.
The "focus on winnings" is an impressive key number of his team.
At the tournament with Nine campaigns, great ambitions have always reached the top of the game on Sunday.
None of these achievement providers were involved, including the refugeesale Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the king's class season has not been protected.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to seize its World Champion
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
However, all the American races were cancelled.
Racing calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar for the current Formula 1 season is still going on to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
In October the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal are due to take place in Nuremberg.
On the first part of November Lewis Hamilton and Co. compete for the World Championship Pro in the Italian tradition passenger car course in Imola .
This brings you 13 races according to the current stand, set in the race calendar for 2020.
"We are pleased that we are continuing to make significant progress in completing our 2020 plans," said Formula 1-Boss Chase Carey.
In total, a total of 15 to 18 races will be expected to start in a Grand Palace in the motor sport race in this exceptional season.
The finish of the Formula 1 will be its season in Asia.
The final race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Prior to the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports suggest that there may still be performances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
Regularly, races on three continents require racing
Owing to the general regulation of Formula  1, however, the launching of the World Cup requires at least races on three continents.
Although only two continents, as is currently established, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA is designed to award the title, using a special rule, on the basis of "exceptional circumstances" in view of the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in the short term because of the unfolding corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not a subject.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year.
Rejection in Brazil indicates criticism
Due to the tension of the corona situation, the races in Canada, the USA, Mexico and Brazil will not take place.
"We look forward to be with them again in the next season", said Carey.
The rejection of the American aircraft attracted criticism particularly in Brazil: ‘there was no surprise to us, but we cannot accept the reasons for that’ said Tamas Rohonyi, the Promoter at the Grand Prix in São
For example, infection in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We need to be prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Continued Badlook against Donald Trump around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg attended the well-known latenight show at Stephen Colbert using a video switch and told in the interview what she had in his mind at her meeting with Donald Trump.
Kematic civist Greta Thunberg was guest in a popular US-Latenight show in the perfect video switch.
She talked, among other things, about her fight against the world’s powers.
The teenager also talked about her famous 'evil look', in her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has been drawing attention to her tireless commitment to the thinking of the Fridays For Future movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday in your show and had a lengthy interview with the Swedish.
She talked not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
" There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to move the focus away from the climate crisis," she shocked.
"Everything from organised hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children takes to the streets" she has ever seen.
Heads of state and leading politicians who are teaming of or even trying silences in social media go upon them, there's enough "to behave" for the reactions, as they show "because they have no other answer'.
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview, when Greta Thunberg was raised on a well-known scene, in which it left US President Trump afloated for a bitter look.
At the UN Climate Summit in New York in 2019, for which the avertist sailed over the Atlantic, her expressive main view of the cameras was captured and has been seen since then by countless people on the Contemporary
The short clip created a GIF, an animated image that eventually became one of the most frequently used imitations for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think about the US president at this moment?
She replyed briefly and idly to the relatively free question asked by Stephen Colbert: ' To be honest, I do not think that that takes any further explanation'.
Converselyänderungs Einigung and Lardens (the reception times of the first theme as a moment of payment exercise) the experienced Satirist Colbert had probably not anticipated the steward reply, which disappeared ladily from the pictur
With her "How dare you?" talk on the principles of combating climate change, she was reminded of a lot of it during the climate conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobiles with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is in the race around Europe’s Golden Shoe, now equal to Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming the Torschützkeijan König's in the Italian football championship.
The former BVB Professor contributed three hit performances during the 5:1 (1:1) battle of Zio Rome at Hellas Verona, amongst whom two converted elefts recorded in the succession of the eight seasons that made the
The 30-year-old of the Bettafen Fourth two seasonal matches now has 34 sailors on his account before the end - as many athletes gained Robert Lewandowski yet from the FC Bayern München during the end of the German Liberals season.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo followers with a key 30 gateways, the Portuguese superstar meeting the top riders in the evening in Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a roller-car driving: After a rapid climb with Fleetwood Mac, the steep downhill pitude went and then slowly up to the civic stage.
Now, the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cultural personnel: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
It died peacefully in sleep at the age of 73 and informed family members, in an official opinion on Saturday, a further position would always be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The producer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had set up the already legendary band in London in 1967, yet his dreamed to instrumental hit "Albatross" to date remains unforgettable.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise, and the band was celebrating its most successful performance without him.
There should have been disputes on the grounds, among other things, that Green wished to donate all the profits of the Group for charities.
He began to perform in large tires and with great crucifix.
mental problems should also have played a role.
Already three years after the foundation, Green left the band in 1970.
There followed a social decline.
The bluesrock guitarist was suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated for a long time in psychiatry.
During most of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the photo.
He was supposed to live at sometimes on the streets, when he worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family in the Londonistrict of Bethnal Green.
However, Since the old years was promoted by B.B. King and Muddy Waters for sound played by several community members in this technique, Chanoi succesively managed the critical idea that Jones has honored of being kidnapped governor during
With eleven years he learned the first guitar strings.
At the age of 15 the teenager started playing professional guitar and took five years later a chance to play the stage as a lead guitarist for the Instrument along Peter B's Looners.
Less later, he was committed to his Idol Eric Clapton as a replacement for the Bluesbreakers.
Green created Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blues boom in the summer of 1967, along with his bluesbreakers breakers Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Green composed his recording "Albatross" and that name was the first number 1 hit Seit des Jahren in the winter of 1968 versch9 and catapulted the band to the lead of the British music scene.
But the rapid rise soon showed its shadows: Green didn’t bend the media humble[French]; his experiments with the drug LSD were become increasingly extreme.
But later, in an interview, he commented on life between music and addiction: "The worst thing happened to me in life is the drugs - the best of the things to land on reference 1 hit". Regarding his love beyond, one of this
At the end of the decade, Green surprisedly won a salutary success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
In the meantime Fleetwood Mac swoomed on a wave of success without it in new formation.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite several little solo successes, Green won’t make any larger comeback until he returned to coming into the record in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians.
The British sinister "Daily Telegraph" spoke of a rock star returning to the earth.
Green released some albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group free of drugs, until the band could resolution in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
