Biker reacts stretching  surveys and prevents worse.
On Friday evening a traffic accident occurred at the street between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcyclist man was injured slightly thanks to his quick reaction.
Car driver overlooks bike
A 44 year-old car driver wanted to turn onto the Produktionsstrasse 1230 towards Machtolsheim, at 21.30 p.m. with her VW from Merklingen, walking to the left.
She overlooked the 24-year old Motorcycle Cyclists arriving from the direction of Nellingen.
During the collision, hand and foot brake levers from trafficking
The biker tried to deviate the car, but caught it up at the rear area of the vehicle.
The shift transfer bent the handbit and the foot brake levers on the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to reduce them brain damage.
At present he steered his motorcycle in the roofs next to the way, and abducting it from outside, without losing sight.
Biker suffers an injury
During the commission with the car, the biker nevertheless suffered a breach in the became martyrdom and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
After " Corona mass-infection", on a large vegetable farm in Mamming, in Lower Bavaria the amount of feed nearly 500 people, who are under Quarantine, is not allowed to leave the farm.
A security service is monitoring the ban.
A total of 174 harvest-cofinants were tested positively on the Sars-CoV-2 Corona glucose, as announced on Saturday evening by the Council of Ventures of Dingolfing-Landau. In the since,
“In order to avoid further spread, unfortunately we have to take this step towards protecting the population,” stated planet Mr Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Seven employees had previously been infected by the company - this was the reason for the series test.
The plant is a large vegetable farm, which cultivates strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red bears - but the cucumbers only for insertion glasses.
Maming is a rural community with 3300 inhabitants, not far from Dingolfing with the large BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to enjoy calm: "According to our information this is a closed section of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and SPD shared responsibility for the state government.
The two opposition parties accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting control over 2013 country housing for seasonal workers.
'It can be bitterly unacceptable if such local incidents of infection trigger and regional lockdowns have to be approved,' said Jürgen Mishol, the western parliamentary managing director of the Greens.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"In our view, we should strongly monitor the hygiene conditions in the workplace and these housing conditions.
Obviously this did not happen".
The outbreak occurred "with an assurance" .
Aidenbachstraße underground station: dangerous dispute : 19-year olds fallen into the track bed after Schuber
A19-year-old has stood by one scenery and sliped into the sheetbed during a rainfall between two groups of youths at the Aidenbachstraße underground station.
Obersendling -- Friday a government-elected dispute between 2 youth groups ran to the Aidenbachstrasse underground station near 16.15 a.m.
A passent alerted the police, who encountered multiple strips.
Initial investigations identified a Munich (17) who pushed a 19-year-old up standing ground.
The young man slipped over the edge of the railway and fell into a bag of tracks.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no danger from an introduced train.
The police then relaunched the confrontation between the two persons, as is explained by the police.
The 17 year-old fled from the scene of the crime, but his staff were afterwards identified.
His father accompanied him to police inspection 29.
The body injury is determined against the 17 year-olds.
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended.
In the course of a media report, however, the Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, asked for an extension of the period of retention.
The European Council's aim is to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister for the Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) calls for an extension of data retention after a media report - held for six six months, rather than the planned ten weeks.
As reported by the "Bild am Sonntag", Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine Lamprecht (SPD) asked to make a quick change to the law.
Seehofer therefore wants to strengthen the anti-formative measures against child abuse.
He believes it is worth implementing 'urgently necesisary statement in the law already now', quotes the newspaper from the letter.
Data retention is currently suspended.
It is expected to take a decision from the ECJ.
However, Seehofer wants the change beforehand, so that they can be immediately applied after a positive judgment, as the report states.
A statement spokesman from the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it is only useful to see whether legalislative adjustments are needed to take a decision from the courts.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with state ministers in the Interior, already declared itself in favour of data retention in June.
NBA: Strip club angry for Clippers star Lou Williams
Fervor in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), buzketball professor of the Los Angeles Clipher, is to have left the tournament zone in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission to have abused one.
According to US media reports, he was later at the High School in Atlanta, where he attended the strip club “Magic City” in the evening.
Williams, who is recommended to have admitted the visit according to ESPF-902 data, is in isolation, is being tested daily on covid-19.
His reason for his visit: chicken wings.
In February of last year, "Sweet Lou", as he is called in the NBA, expressed his love for specific Wings.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter, on Sunday, that the NBA Williams had laid down a ten-day quarantine.
These test phases will miss the first two official games by the Clippers star after the Testing Pane.
The NBA, ininity gladgets, wants to progress to fill the Corona season in Disney World.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing with training games at the season finals brinking off on friday night.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be viewed live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has shounded authorities and politicians.
Carrying almost 500 crop workers from several countries currently in the large vegetable farm, over one third has found themselves infected with the Corona pancreator.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one is allowed to leave the premises, the food is delivered.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As harvest workers had little contact with the local population, the Board of Regions presumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Ostriches knowledge": Confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
“My client has acted close to cooperation,” the lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper.
The defender added: ""He very much regrets deeds and confession was a liberation for him" .
His led a mandate was "hijacked by conscience and carried with a lot by the extent of the destruction".
In case of a sentence, according to the prosecutor, the man in question threatens ten years in prison and with a fine of 150 000 euros.
The Gothic St. Peter and the Paul Cathedral in Nantes was badly damaged by a fire last Saturday.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory investigations strengthened the suspicion of a fire fund.
The suspect who was now detained had been arrested just hours after the fire.
But after a day he was released.
The man works as a volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for closing the Cathedral on the eve of the widening fire.
Since there was no trace of a violent incidence into the church, he quickly entered the spotlight of investigators.
Discussion abolishing the 50+1 rule
former DFB president, Reinhard Grindel, has recommended that consideration be given to phasing out the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission created a complete fact," stated Grindel the "sunday image".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
Therefore, it is wrong to move away from debate as to whether there has been no need to make it easier for associations that want to break in the Phalance to include investors", he said.
But he has doubts on whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to allow majority shareholdings, which are prohibited by the 50+1 rule in the Liga on the federal league.
“The legal risk for cutting investment fences around the business location of the Bundesliga, was still considered as a legal risk in a European internal market” said Grindel.
The former DFB head of EMNs will see "the attempt to create more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will, in the end, only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not lead to more exhaustion in
Even an equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive effect.
"FC Bayern emits a turnover of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
The differences between the first three clubs alone are immense.
"The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", explained the 58 year old.
Looking back over the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately there have been people who have noted this error and ignored the press first rather than speech that to me", said Grindel on the acceptance of an expensive watchtch, which led in April 2019 to his resignation
This has been a human matter that concerned me already.
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach in compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of that", said Grindel.
"I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and pointless way.
Many people at the DFB knew about it".
He never "made a hill out of the present," assured the 58-year-old.
"You should call that naive , this form of transparency was, in any case, the complete opposite of corruption."
Black Lives Matter: injured and one death
protests against police forces in the United States have been stepped up again, through Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police forces in several cities.
Onaturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police in various cities.
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, one person was killed through fires, whereas a demonstration journey just crossed a crossing.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including federal police officers, used tear gas on Saturday and disrupted contact with demonstrators.
Hundreds and sometimes armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor.
The 26-year-old student was shot in March at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville.
The aim was that someone else who did not live there, and no drugs were found either.
In Saturday, when a member of a group, which called themselves an armed alliance of black Americans, delivered a strike, three people were injured.
According to the broadcaster NBC, they were transported to hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police set up barricades because contrastors had also formed themselves up in a white militia.
In the end, the two groups did not meet.
In Austin, a left person was shot and killed in a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
Concerning the circumstances of the in-depth action, she has not yet provided any further information.
According to the New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler sayed that kidney, like many mankers in the city, was 'immortal and utter' for what had happened.
Demonstrators also found at the American metropolis Seattle on Saturday clashes with police.
They relayed fires in front of a youth prison construction cars, the police used blend-grenades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
A court building was stripped in the city of Oakland in California.
A small group of demonstrators shed windows, shot fireworks and barked police officers with lasers, disclosed the Oakland in police late on Saturday evening ( spend time permission).
The fire could be re-extinguished quickly.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drived through a crowd of people to get to demonstrate place by highway.
As the police explained, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon, and at least one person was injured into the hospital.
Then there, too, windows were logged in a courts, and a fire was brought down, as the police stated.
An investigation has begun.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historic costumes Despite Corona
Although the first room of the courty was lacking, visitors and performers enjoyed the rakoczy flair of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organizers: The Rakoczy weekend without rakoczy festival.
But, even if the big party mile in the city center was missing, crowds and highlights such as the "room burn, the rakoczy ball, or the frontier, many wondered about the alternative tour complying
"I think we succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair," says director of assistance Sylvie Thormann.
The guests would have liked it very well.
In principle, you are reverting to the beginnings of the Rakoczy Festival as are the historians the focus of the festival alone.
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been a regular visit to the Rakoczy Festival Bad Kissingen with her husband for over 25 years.
So this time also in the corona year.
The couple made it comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watching the historical passages and listening to Cuba’s pometry at the casino restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
They dispense with the crowds that are otherwise built up as part of Rakoczy.
Additional program highlights, however, are missing; ahead of the shelters situated on it will be broken on Friday evening, historical concert centers and the closing fireworks on Sunday evening.
"That is a shame.
The weather would have amazed this year,” she said.
Rakoczy Returnournament is to be held again
For the performers of the historical spa guests the alternative program meant partly more work.
For such a type of Christian Gold, who participated in the particular content in a normal year and can be seen on the cute of the spa café.
This year she was walking the town on Saturday and Sunday in Kostum.
''This is more painstaking than others we will have easier than usual' she said.
The club had less to do even though individual riders were going to the park.
“We hope that the horse riding cruise will be held again next year,” said President Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that a Rakoczy Riding Tournament intends to be held again after several years' break in 2021.
28 Corona cases at Spanish second-light Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second football soccer commission CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper into the crisis as a result of a corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer from Madrid, despite the first corona cases on July 20 the game started at the city of A Coruña, you have had a depth settlement stewardship.
To Sunday there were 28 players or team members tested positively, but one had arrived in the hospital, as the club reported.
The lively pianos of Fuenlabrada from the homonymous town south-western of Madrid got the chance to make the trophy playoffs a reality.
Now, even the town towers are threatened with the dissertation into the second League B Group anyway.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, which received the prosecutors for finding a possible offence against public health, the supreme sports authority CSD considers the forced departure of the club.
Players and other team members are sitting in a hotel in quarantine.
"Until 6th day of quarantine they have not received fresh towels and no gel", wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
Photographs should show as players had furnished underwear and club clothes in their rooms for drying after they had to wash the themselves.
Bed-late has not been changed for five days.
Food is another problem.
It is neither good nor sufficient, wrote 'AS'.
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The recrimination to have intentionally endangered public health was rejected by the club’s lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
It was not prohibited whether ornamental scores established by the football association were found, the son of the President of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, stressed the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper "Marca
Before departure there had been four persons in excess of 9 until 19 July, but all of them were isolated and did not participate in communications.
All of the players and team members have been later tested anderected immediately before the flight to A Coruña on Monday.
Once the team was in A Coruña it became positive to five or six other team members to the Corona test.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the tape, said Tebas Llanas.
Police must catch roasted horses in the case of steamprises
Two animals were down the road.
The police led them back to their owners.
On Sunday morning just before 6 p.m., a traffic operator reported two riding horses on the ifted in the guide operating between the long journeys to Donersdorf/Steinsfeld and the motorway connection station Theres.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
Nearly before the steamboard, these athletes were able to source the trust of the horses. They thus then could ground theirselves as a rope led in the Troll Cars.
Cyclist Tony Martin: likely to pursue career
Time specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time travel regime champion Tony Martin can certainly imagine continuing his cycling career.
"I concentrate on setting the conditions for how and in what form triggered to go further," said the 35-year-old journal of the “Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung”.
Mrs Martin is currently involved with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had contemplated ending his career after this year before the Corona break.
In the negotiations with his team a specialized programme will include the number of race days, he said.
Or about other issues that would lament him as a family father, Martin said.
Demiser had previously been caught up after a fall, and the first thought was being: "Quickly backward on the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would happen if?
The cycling professioner admitted that there were indeed issues that he is increasingly in his difficulty with.
"But it did me good to feel the moment, and watching it, what I have in cycling and how much fun it's making me".
The getting specialist will continue to compete on the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th August).
Bavaria: at least four dead on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts Bikers to the streets in many places.
For at least three people, the motorcycle tour ends deadly.
An 18 year old pedestrian died too.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on Bavaria's streets, among several people, mostly young, died on the weekend.
On Saturday by Schönthal (Cham municipal district) an 18-year old motorcyclist was captured by a car which came on the contradictory track hisway.
Why the car picked the countercircuit was initially unclear.
In Upper Bavaria a 22 year-old age met on Saturday with a horse rubber machine.
According to police, he was going downhill in Inggries.
He rooted in an burden on the left, giving a blank carriage.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the twelve occupants in the cart, a man was severely injured and a man were injured slightly, as the police told.
An 18-year-old died at skulling of Oberpfälzischen Bad Kötzting in another fatal accident or a death spa.
On Sunday night he had served fit upon a road and was columnt down by a 42-year-old Driver.
The police suspected that the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The driver could not stop in time.
At Schönberg, (local district of Freyung-Grafenau), on Saturday, a 57-year-old biker represented a legal curve competently over a car in spite of full braking.
He died at the site of accident.
The 57 year old driver suffered a shock, and the other three people were injured in the car.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organizer of the bikers’compliance combat against driving bans announced in August, Ms Gabor Kovacs, the Minister refers to major investments, such as undercuring to ceiling systems, and the dismantling of dangerous curves.
"We have done a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in previous years", noted in the letter.
“The number of sevented two-wheeled passengers reduced by approximately 28 percent compared with 2011.
Kovac tested with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - For soccer trainer Niko Kovac, there is soon to rain on the Cright of Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco.
The eight-time French champion is challenged to admission to the Hessengende, the former acting club of the Croats on August 1st (18:00).
For the Bundesligaist, it is the first and only hardening test of the replay in the Europe League against FC Basel (6 August).
Because of the coronavirus pandemic, the meeting pandemic is conducted without spectators.
We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” explained Kovac.
Sport, this is a very interesting test, said the 48 year old.
Before he switched to FC Bayern München before his development, Kovac had trained the Hessen between 2016 and 2018 and led to the victory in the DFB Cup.
"A top charity opponent like Monaco is a good test for us with regard to the game against Basel.
Linked to the Frankfurt business partners, I are looking forward to seeing Niko Kovac again" said Eintracht coach, Adi Hütter.
The 50 year-old Austrian indicated the succession of the Croatia with the approval of the passports.
In March, Frankfurt lost the indication ofheizngleball against Basel in their own stadium at 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: The Hof district close of the Lockdown
The national county of Hof experience has raised evidence of corona new infections during the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is often published and is no longer in this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
There is also one case in the city of Hof.
This means that the Hof scale of the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants is approaching a week.
700 deadfathsdating from monsoon rains in Southeast Asia
The severe flooding in Southeast Asia has affected more than 9 million people, especially Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
As a result of the strong outrages for monsoon, a total of 700 people have died.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is trying to reach the isolated people in boats.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Pandace sails withilot huts in national park die as a result of landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park two of the 120 tank-shearers died as a result of a landslide.
They are protected and considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year, the flooding is particularly bad, to which scientists is due to climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments stand empty
In Cox's Basar in the south of Bangladesh, the State built apartments for 650 people displaced by the flood.
Only a few have infiltrated.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
There is an overflow of enthusiasm within the borders.
Those who once had a house make up, however small and often like a hut do not want to spend their lives in one large housing block.
Many apartments are empty, but - is what the government wants - should soon be occupied by those who lost their house as a result of these flooding.
60 Corona new infections on only one day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparative process, 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the medical crisis unit of the city of Vienna regularly inform about the current case numbers and other key figures at the previous Covid-19 virus: back on Sunday, 26 July 20, 8:30h and confirmed positive tests in Vienna, 4.840 (+60).
The number of deaths associated with the virus is unchanged in 204.
4,090 (+48) persons have been relaxed.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of Coronavirofire infections in Lower Austria has increased by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday.
A sick person is recovered according to the treatment.
This increases the number of genes to 2,936.
Conurrently, Covid-19 sufferved 247 patients in the federal state.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with the lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ counter-bid
The new claims could not be met, the Ministry of Economics in Buenos Aires had communicated on Saturday.
This would not only be irresponsible but also unfair, according to a statement.
"Whilst 50 per cent of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits."
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
For this reason, Argentina requires its private creditors to waive some of their claims of around 66 billion US dollars, about 59 billion euros, or so, be contained in Inter fundamentally.
If no agreement is reached, the country is threatened again by government default.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina's history.
Finally, the creditors had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in the midst of a severe financial and economic crisis.
The recent inflation rate was more than 50 percent.
Experts are expecting a reduction in economic force by around ten percentage over the current year.
At the end of May, Argentina had not settled interest charging of USD 503 million, which did slid into a limited default.
Working Professional Arrival - not yet privately entered
"It's surged out" - this conclusion draws Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
In the end, all goes fast: in mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will be taking up the successor of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelden notary office.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
"However, I do still have to arrive privately" , she said during conversation with the Rottaler Advertiser and laughed.
Of course, the short ante-early period was not enough to transfer the food point from Regensburg fully to eggenferhelden, reported by the born Dingolfingerin.
She was up to the moment with her husband in Regensburg as a judge in the land court, searching for a suitable apartment or house in the city.
At least a short time her husband could apply for parental maintenance to be able to ensure treatment for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to have to rent from Regensburg every day, she is continue to have the possibility to internity a river with her parents at Dingolfing, the 39 years olds announces.
Braking up in the neighbouring district, our city of Eggenfelden is of course a long term experience.
When he visits place with her family in recent months she once again states: 'Eggenfelden is a really beautiful town'.
She Endeemed Daney was so pleased that she was taking the case for the free outpost in the selection procedure.
She also plays a key role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer's professional career: Following the law studies in Passau, she has performed her referendary period, as well as the second State Sexamen in Regensburg.
She also started a career in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau, after several stations as a notarist, including in Rehau and Hof in Oberfranken, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu and Regensburg, including on which her doctorate another year in
In 2016 she went into parental leave, following finally a move to Regensburg.
Since then, she has been holding representative services in several notary authorities.
When the post in Eggenfelden was directed at the close future retirement of Lutz Feller she seen time for full vocational reintroduction, the 39 year olds stated.
The staff of theirm party who will take over the representation of the leave in the notary office has completely received Dr. Stefanie Kramer - and reads a draft praise for the team of the law firm: "It works supergood!"
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
And if everything spreads as desired, it hopes to be able to go into her hobby soon, too - going to the beginning of a day to learn about the most beautiful boyting routes in the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled up 20 percent. For the season start in the case of a-fant return.
"Because of the distance arrangement mandating to be respected, we are currently planning with magazines from 12.000 to 15,000 spectators," said Borussia Dortmund’s CEO, Carsten Cramer, living at
Normally, the arena in the district city enters more than 81,000 spectators during Bundesliga (Germany) games.
The ghost games of the second season caused by the Corona pandemic led the BVB to lose about four million euros per game.
The cramer, who is responsible for marketing, digitalization and the internationalisation of the BVB, hopes that, when it comes to the normal site, also some of the 4,000 hospitality sites can again be launched: "This is of course a blow towards the
Given the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone "would be well advised to take a stable long stand."
“If many companies are not doing well and 6.8 million people are in short work in Germany alone, then the need for entertainment is limited," Cramer has says.
The Dortmund Marketing Chair praised the BVB professionals for having received the level of salary that they explained, to public work accommodating overcoming the crisis. All players know, of course, that their refusing has a different effect than putting 100 people working in merchandising on
A myriad of miracles: Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter, just three tablespoons blood in his entire one, which was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The Bub is one of some 400 breaks that are cared for every year at the Graz Children's Clinical.
A quarter of them weigh losses less than 1,500 grams, a few, such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael, are extreme lightweights with not even a similar kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so small and so early, that neither lung nor intestine, nor muscles are fully educated.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they can sometimes wear doll clothing and special minifull winches made for them.
But not so small that they are not for voice - 'and how', Berndt Urlesberger jungles.
"But while she wants to cry as loud as large babies, of course?
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater in the classroom, the Whiteboard as a stage experience the 9th class of the St-Jakobus-gymphASE in Abtsgmünd just before setting the holidays.
Actress Julia Sylvester from theatre of the city Aalen presented to the pupils the production “The homelife dress”, and this by moving it to video.
Subsequently the students could discuss the slogan and the performance via Skype with the actress and director Winfried Tobias.
The idea for the performance format wrong of the current Corona situation was born.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all a stakeholders agreed in the end that the direct encounter in theatre and stage rooms would provide additional incentives, the theatre also reveals the potential for contact in school.
'For further improvement of the country’s technical framework this could be an interesting supplement to it”, emphasized director Winfried Tobias.
First Round: TSV 1860 would mean him on Frankfurt in the DFB Cup
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This was the result of the e Leidseung on Sunday.
Munich - Sixties of potential opponents were coming to the first round of the DFB Cup.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
This was the result of this appointment in the ARD sports show on Sunday night.
Because the participant field is already incomplete as a result of the Corona Pandemic orders, the materials intervention spaceholders were used during the draw.
The FSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Coal Festival (4, or 5th September), with the voluntary intention of defeating the FC Memmingen semi-final opponent.
The Lions will met with either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If the last Crash were to reach the final, Sixty would already qualify for the first round at the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to prevail against regional slander Aschaffenburg in the final feature.
The first round of the DFB Cup will take place between September 11 and 14, launching one week before the third”.
"The Wind Brakes the Wind: Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died on Sunday in Paris at a natural death of 104 years, confirmed her spokesman at the German Press Agency.
It acknowledged that de Havilland was known for her relevance as Melanie Hamilton in the south states epic, " Forbey For the Wind" (1939).
born in Tokyo, a bird from British parents, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a small child.
The Austrian theatremann Max Reinhardt discovered the 19 year old in the role of Hermia by Shakespeare's "Summer- Night Dream".
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films were part with the heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own.
The film ran in Germany under the title of "Motherhearts".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She also received greatarity as a neurotical excentric artist in “The Dark Mirror” and “The Snake Reap”.
Daphne du Maurier suggested her a dialogue in 1952 on the great role in filming her novel "My Cousine Rachel".
It was a worldwide success.
With her long-term friend Bette Davis, she played in Wilkenlied für ein Abeth.
The son Benjamin has been born out of her marriage, Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953).
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also endured.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beach volleyball: Thole/Wickler miss Finals at Comeback
World Cup 2 Julyus Thole and Clemens Wickler missed his final at the "Road to Timmendorf" beach volleyball tournament.
At the top teams meeting in Düsseldorf, they were assigned to their national teams in the semi-final Nils Ehlers and Lars flights and equivalent to 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Thole/Wickler was last played at the World Tour Final in Rome last September.
In the final plan on the Rhine, their mountain camp ehlers / flights fought a defeat against our surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
Besides this show tournament, three opening places for the German championships were held at Timmendorfer Strand in early September: the tickets collated with Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers
Calbitz discard from AfrD confirmed - FDP speaks of cow hand
Also from the FDP’s point of view, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a "feaw sleep" and does nothing to change party characteristics.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far-right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AFD", said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several more hours of negotiation, the federal court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz, which the Austrian Federal Executive Board rejected by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is the chairman of the AFD Group in the Brandenburg Landtag.
“If the AfD really was to ensure that ental extremists removed from their party completely, officials such as Björn Höcke and his followers would have been marginalized for a long time,” said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to achieve this because the right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Likewise, CSU Secretary General Markus Blume opened: “That Andreas Kalbitz has now been excluded, says nothing and changes nothing” he said to the World on Sunday.
“Instead, it talks countries of asking how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremer still has in the middle of trafficked states”.
Flower pretends that the AfD will once again land below five percent in future election.
"AfD days in parliaments are numbered".
Kalbitz was one of the leaders of the officially disbanded "winnings" around the Thuringian AfD state and grotting chairman björn Höcke; constitutional protection classifies the economic rift as the " assureed extremist effort", 'as
In May, the Federal AfD Chairman the three Top Ministers threw Kalbitz out of the party.
The reasons for this stated that Kalbitz with the party entry had not indicated an earlier membership in the newly prohibited extreme extreme right-wing "Home Statutes Deutsche Jugend" (HDJ) and the Republicans.
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ.
The president of the leftist faction of the Brandenburglandtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the Bundesiedsgericht would not alter the character of the AfD: “The Wolf only had heard g
The AfD remains a far-right party, whether with or without Kalbitz.
This decision will neither weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
“The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
It wants to escape further observation through the protection of the Constitution and try to get by under the naval radar constitution", said Walter.
"The AfD won't get rid of the spirits she called.
An expulsion does not change anything in this respect.” declared the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburger SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"Between the AfD Association and the Group, this has made it their right-wing leader”,
The legal dispute about Kalbitz membership in the AfD will continue.
On Saturday he announced that he will now proceed to civilian policy against the decision of the Federal announced civil court.
North Sea wind farms deliver well to over 21 percent more power
The wind power plants on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network in the first six months of 2001.
This represents about 21 percent more than in the same period in the previous year, the host incorporator Tennet has informed in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and the transmission through the German power network.
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea which do not belong to the port system in Tennet has fed up electricity in a further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh).
All wind flow from the North Sea and the Baltic is 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winter tapped at sea accounts for almost 19 percent of the entire wind flow in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy arises aside wind conditions from higher generation capacities due to the entrenchment of new wind farmes over the last twelve months.
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all reunited with full energy at the same time, they could generate 6.7 gigawatts applications.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, this should increase to 17 gigawatt in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, by the annual way, we are investing EUR 20 billion in the expansion of offshore network connections", said Tennet Director Tim Meyerjürgens
In reality wind porcelains can not exploit their marine capacity, but can reach about 40 percent.
The current record days of this year are January 2, when the North Sea wind parks generated more than six gigawatt real generated power.
On average the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt power, that represents three to four nuclear power plants.
Almost seven million households can be provided with electricity.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold, in the gallery of the founder art association.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the municipal Kunstverein: the exhibition opening “ Skirmish” with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold had shared the most common place after the Corona break.
Far more friends of art than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band of “Defenders of the Universe“ on the southern Kornhausplatz.
In the north of the gallery the association Sandtogether was committed to me.
Freital: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled.
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freitali cancelled the three-day festival planned to take place in September.
In other years, over 30,000 people had participated in the city festival.
"We are easy to make this decision and, conscious of how difficult it is for the parties involved, we have hoped for it up to the last minute" added Lighbouraster Uwe Umberg (partilose).
“In the end, in thehouse, we are responsible as organizer for the health of thousands of people”.
If tens of thousands of people were flowing into both the festival grounds and the teem, a minimum minimum range of distance on their rise, hygiene rights, as well as contact tracing under the current Coronad Protection Regulation could not have been
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring cost would increase disproportionately.
Rumberg consolidated for next year.
The city of Freital is celebrating its 100 years anniversary, with the winter occasion among others from 7th to 9th May 2021, as well as the Day of Saxony from 10th to 12th September 2021.
Dressur-Olympic Champion Werth do not beat in Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic victory Isabell Werth was the superior rider at the Dressur Tournament in the Austrian Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the winter weekend at four starts.
After having ever won a Grand Prix in the start with Weighegold and Quantaz, she started on Sunday at Grand Prix Special and in the Kür.
On Sunday in the Special at the 15-year old queue Weihegold, Werth committed a decisive eight-year outright action against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Aeglanges
Even in short, on Saturday on Quantaz, the German Union was clearly there because of its 34-year old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer.
Wüth’s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressgrider in the world is due to establish the 10 years old stench on the Grand Prix.
It was the very first shortfall in Quantaz.
At the first round of your tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University is continuing to move forward to the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" founded a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
Its agreement between the college and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The agreement, initially concluded for three years, was started in 2021.
A professorship is possible to start qualified courses not only in summer, but also during the winter semester.
With that, twice as many students can be educated as they have been thus far.
At the same time, capacities in both the university and the AR academy of the DFS are being equally utilized.
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and occupation of the professional.
Represented at the university since 2019.
Since the summer semester of 2019 the first students have been with the private course of Air Traffic Management in the context of their training for air traffic controller at the University of Worms.
Nine students have already started this year.
Up till now, the experience of the DFS it has been very positive; the performance of students is excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training therefore contribute to the further increases in the attractiveness of the pilfer profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to continue to fulfil our obligation in the near future, we need highly qualified personnel", said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, President of the DFS Bureau at the signing of the contract.
“For the DFS, the Foundation profession is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with one broad, cross-certain knowledge base in the long run.
We therefore continue good co-operation with the University whilst simultaneously underpinning our attractive role as an employer".
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
With it we would like to follow up the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual bachelorus course Air Traffic Management".
The trust of German Air Safety was both the motivation and formal reserve of the Worlds amateur University, to further develop its educational and research skills in the fields of air transport in the future.
To debute to the controllers of tomorrow, the university with the first tutorial for a dual courses can set most specific highlights and innovative priorities for its students.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary in the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, emphasises, “The University of Worms has an intrinsic position in Rhineland-Palatinate with its emphasis on air transport.
The signature today of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university”.
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
For around 30 minutes Motorway A 45 was fully closed on Saturday afternoon, in the direction of Aschaffenburg, if the rescue helicopter was operating after a road accident.
A 76-year-old drove with a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in the curve straight ahead of and ended on the lock.
The impact would lead to the frontairbags, whereby the driver was suffering minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72-year old cabin were supplied by the emergency facilitator and the patient then flown to hospital after the rescue helicopter.
However, at present the police assume that there is no danger to living.
The damaged vehicle, which suffered damages of some 2000 euro, had to be tracked.
Health is about examining other sectors after the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions to light once again in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is on the way right now.
But are they right, and will they stick to them there,
Under the strict regulations now planned for alleged maladministrations in the meat industry, German Minister of Labour, Hubertus Heil (SPD), also intends to investigate other sectors.
"We shall consider our business industry and take suitable measures for any industry whenever necessary," he explains the German Press Agency in Berlin.
German employers are already warning against restricting work contracts generally.
After the massive corona outbreaks with the Tönnies meat giant in North Rhine-Westphalia, the national cabinet intends to lay down a law on heal on this Wednesday.
Large slaughter fatties should no longer be allowed to employ external staff for slaughtering, breaking and processing meat.
To do so, the use of work contracts and temporary workers in this region should be banned.
Employee President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: "Finger away from a general restriction on career contracts and offering employees if one does not want to completely storm the economy".
Business contracts, for example, must number broad areas of craft industry, construction industry and plant manufacturing to the basis of their added value to the customer.
"The effects of individuals' misconduct cannot destroy such an important instrument.
Healt assured: "My goal is not to ban work contracts everywhere in the German economy".
Work contracts make sense.
"When an industrial company asks a craftsman to install a safety system this's a very normal contract for works."
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and temporary work to be unconstitutional for their sector alone.
It cannot be regarded as what applies in the future different labour law to the posting and packaging of cheese thicker than sausage, and as stated in a statement on the legislative plan, such as the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" (
Consequently, if a ban were to be adopted, the future price would rise by 10 to 20 percent per kilo per product.
– As a matter of fact, many Eastern European employees from factory contract companies worked in the industry apart from 16 hours a day after findings of an investigation by the Protection of Safety in the NRW Labour Admin
They often had no break.
Wages have been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It was also found that the situation on accommodation of employees was often a false result.
Heil said that the meat industry had entered into force a relatively strict law in 2017.
But 'vicious designs' means that they have been circumvented.
"Now there needs to be fundamental cleaning-up now"
The politician announced that 'The employment protection law that we find in the cabinet at the end of July includes measures affecting not only the meat industry: for example, higher inspection quotas on labour protection, or the clear criteria funding
The draft below contains amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat industry and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg’s Minister of Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) sees more intensive controls as necessary.
"I would like us to do even more checks in many studies: Food controls, animal protection, everything possible, for example animal transport," Nonnemacher said on Sunday at the Souvenirs Brandenburg Recent Session.
But more staff posts are also needed for more checks.
Three deaths when hazardous ultra-light aircraft crash in Germany.
According to police figures, three people have died in a crash into an ultra-light aircraft to a major family home house in Wesel in the Federal state of Northern Rhine-Westphalia.
One child was slightly injured.
Two further people have been saved from the accident, said a spokesman of Wesel district chief.
A parachute was found at the Accident Centre, according to the police.
The 'Rheinische Post' reported with eye witness to the fact that the airplane had been clouded with a hot air balloon, prior to the crash.
The house was a one or two family house.
More details were not known soon.
Covering Frankfurt Opernplatz peacefully
One week after the riots in Frankfurt the outrage of the Opera Square on Sundays of the night was also peaceful.
Lastly, on the ground, a few dozen people were still in voice, but they left him before the blocking hour began at 1 am.
The police have been in service since the early evening with numerous officials, and a higher police service has to be seen throughout the city.
For the first time, there was a ban imposed on entering the Opernsplatz this weekend from midnight, was followed a week ago.
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrators.
At least five officials were injured after the police entrance, by regime staff, several police vehicles were damaged.
The night from Saturday was also quiet.
Auto Over seats: Young woman seriously injured from the case of accident on Federal Street 83 at Hofgeismar
At an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered serious injury, revolving around 1.25 p.m.
She was brought to the clinic Kassel.
The fire forces searched the possible competitor with thermal picture cameras.
According to police, the [8] wife was travelling on the federal road 81 towards her home town as her car escaped from the track from the unknown cause and won himself several times.
In order to rescue accidents the loht and fire department had to cut the car roof up.
Since it was unclear whether anyone was still in the venture, the innexible corn sector was searched from the model with a heat photographic camera.
The drone steel from Warburg, which also works with the thermal image cameras, was also ordered for the search for persons.
However, the affected forces did not find anyone between homemade plants.
The serious injury was brought to existence in Kassel Hospital by the rescue vehicle.
Almost 50 forces from the fire service Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were there.
The federal highway was blocked for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a returnable goal from Cristiano Ronaldo, the recorded Joventus Turin secured the Italian Championship in film series for the ninth time.
The piece of the team around the five-timer World Soccer made the total 36th Scudetto developing in the kitchen history, with a 2:0 (1:0) on Sunday evening in the home game against Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo metrically at 1:0 before half.
At 83 points Turin, which took place without the recently injured former national player Sami Khedira, has no longer swallowed off two days before the season ends of Serie A.
The table second in Inter Milano is seven points behind.
Juventus was, despite being the prime optical superiority, harmless during the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free-flight variant.
A chance by Miralem Pjanic burned the 35 year olds from the ceiling of local structures with a flat shoot (45.+7).
Turning against the now more afterfront spectacular guests Ronaldo was also involved on his second week, after his shoeboard, Federico Bernardeschi (67).
That has ensured the brilliant but crucial success.
In the 89th minute, the foulefmeter shooted on the plate may have omitted Ronaldo himself correctly over how endangered this job is.
"It is complicated to remain mentally and physically on ball heigh for 90 minutes.
The games are segetitious, and the momentum changes very clearly,” explained coach Maurizio Sarri again after the 1:2 at Udine Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the mental exhaustion of players is great, said the Juve Coach.
Because of defeats the Turiner had not yet been able to make the championship perfect.
Its ultimate reassuring lead facing the top of the table was most importantly due to the weakness of the competition.
In the eleven matches in front of the World Cup on Sunday, the Sarri team had only succeeded in five victories.
Cest or dawry whether Ronaldo will be a welfare king is questionable.
As the Portuguese superstar has reached 31 goals this time, after his triple pack, he can host 34 hits with the Hellas Verona, so many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's tister profit.
The record in Italy the current Juve profession, Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentinian heard 36 goals for the SSC Naples in the 2015-2016 season.
In August the “Old Lady” function of the Italian football will be awaiting the next opportunity.
Juventus is standing at the eighth Finals of the Champions League, but a 0:1 playgap must be held on 7 August towards Olympic Lyon in order to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
During the next K.O. round, Real Madrid or Manchester City would be waiting as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal author races covered
Stuttgart - Despite major illegal races on Baden-Württemberg roads driving car drivers continue to gain gas: last year and for the first four months of this year the police in the South West have already registered more than 250 illegal registrantes.
Although comparison values for the years before, racers are growing at work by the legal authorities: 155 investigations were conducted on illicit race in 2011 at the Konstand and Mannheim prosecutors, proposing that just a year later, there were already 25
The race agreed to give less attention to organized events, as reflected in the reply by the Ministry of the Interior to a request from Landtags-SPD.
In most cases over equipment drivers had spontaneously come up against each other, or they had been retired from the police ... that is also pointed to as an illegal race.
German men were primarily inkmated between the ages of 18 and 60 who are up to power.
113 fines - 15 times imprisonment
Only in a relatively few cases have the rasers been caught and also currented: according to the Ministry of the Interior, 113 fines have been imposed in total shallow and 15 prison sentences have been declared separately since 201
However, there are no indications that the number of illegal testers is actually increasing.
On the contrary, other drivers responded more sensitive than before in due to the different tragic accidents and processes of some years, and in more frequently pointed to, said a micro-ministerial spokes
The motorway 8 is especially popular at Rasern, which continually tpress confident drivers about the traffic in their homepage for more space and use the free route for a racing.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught among the cock near Kirchheim whereas three months before the rest, that is why they've even experienced 18 drivers for the A8 at Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular race track.
The police even register more races on the A81 than on any other federal highway.
At a speed limit the testing is performed to breaks the laser out of the particularly affected section between dwardning and the ghost.
The most popular, high-priced sports and luxury cars are consultants of Swiss reasonably because drivers are turning to Germany for the number of roadbikes and birthbusinesses in neighbouring countries, due to the high penalties incurred in5).
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
In other words, "The threshold on rasers would be significantly higher if you couldn't be here and then legally at 200 kilometres and more.
In the lighter sense of information or image campaigns, Rivoir does not think that "who turgles not all rules in this way and not only puts at risk the ability of one's own life, but another' s life, cannot be reached by
ADAC calls for strong police measure
It is not enough for the ADAC to have  reached “We assume that rasers should not be deterred by their temperatures,” says Holger Bach, outlet manager of traffic and the environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and also stricter controls on the routes in question.
Not infrequently the racing figure ours is more painful and following serious: since January 2019 and April 2020, three people died at local level, two of them victims at one night crash in Stuttgart’s city centre and one in Gerlingen.
Two young men were forced to give themselves a racing race in November.
One of the vehicles by car went off the road destroying a garden wall and remained on side of one of the 18-year-old passengers died.
21 other people were injured in the races in the last two years.
Secret penalties, however, are not necessary in the view of the Minister for the Interior, Thomas Strobl: "Taking legislative action with a view to more deterrent sanctions for illegal passenger racing is not seen," the paper of the Ministry of Interior states.
Blue light of July 23: Thirsty single cruiser steals drinks from snack.
Rohrdorf: A man broke into a pump in Rohrdorf (circle calw) on Thursday and stolen drinks and cash.
One witness heard noises in the Valley street at 3.40am – and endured in the direction of the reception call.
There he noticed a man who served at the refrigerator with a drink, and left the magazine afterwards with the door subject to put before-even try.
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind the snack.
According to the police, the crusher also made an effort to receive cash and steeled cash in a low three-digit fraction.
The suspect is described as follows: this is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters high and with strong façade.
During the case he wore a black cover pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The police must extend the testimonial information.
Ackermann tarkes to the final stage victory of the Sibiu Tour
Radprofessor Pascal Ackermann won his second day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
These were the seasonal victories of three and four for Ackermann.
In the overall assessment, his Austrian team mate Gregor Mühlberger went to stage.
The 26-year old person has decided whether to have mountain times during the morning, with him taking the top in classement.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
No less than 18 starters in mountain time had fallen victim to the time limit.
"I am really happy to begin the scheduled restart-of-season with a victory," Ackermann said after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
He just slammed his sprint 300 metres before the finish, "and it also failed perfectly".
According to the rules of the World Association of UCI, a Corona assessment was made for all race participants and their attendees six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
Participants at the start and finish were not admitted.
Leading authority gives instructions for relay reinvigoration
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident in Düsseldorf-Garath on Sunday afternoon.
In a multiple family building a child (4) with bathing suddenly was liveless in the water.
According to the fire brigade, the emergency call was received entirely shortly before 13:00.
“A line disponent immediately gave instructions on reanname of the stock" said a fire spokesman about BILD.
The arrival rescue workers took over slightly later the reinvigoration efforts.
The child exponended to life at risk is modified and transferred to the university hospital under renovation.
The reason why it spun it is unclear.
The police incurred a routine investigation into the accident.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and, upself, over 1 000 people took part on Saturday night in a "tuning meeting" evening on the car park of a furniture house.
The police carried out their announcement on more closely monitoring such events.
A large tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg's Southern Town on Saturday evening (25 July 2020.
Several hundreds of vehicles were involved.
According to the police in Central France an increasing volume of vehicles in the area of a large parking place in Ingolstädter Strasse was noted at 2.30pm by the Traffic Policy of Nuremberg.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
Only recently the police announced that they would benefit from more action against so-called carponsors.
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: Only a small part of "scene"
The official counted at the top equal to 700 vehicles and around 1100 people, the surveillance board the police.
However, only a small proportion of those present part of the one at the "autoposers" and "tuning-scenes" come in.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene came after the police' s appeal.
On the basis of the vehicles and its persons at the site, it isn’t to be expected that those who were just granted are mostly victims.
Moreover, the vast majority of those present comply with existing information protection systems, particularly adheres to minimum distance and wear of garnes protection precautions.
The control measures which were carried out in place had been finished at 1 a.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles had to be seized.
No carvers
There were no illegal author races.
"The Police Board of Central France will continue to bear in mind what is his say and continues to implement enhanced control measures, including in connection with the arrival of students", she said.
The news5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger with the member company that was involved: " have all the beautiful rims that we cannot scratch," responds Schrödinger.
Specialized bands were used for this example.
Even because the cars are wider, the company must take care not to damage.
"The young people are supposed after all to get their cars back without harm".
Figures from the Employment Agency: 900 cases of suspection of short-time abuse
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"This is extremely low for more than 880,000 companies who have had short-time work", said the executive board responsible for the opening business Daniel Terzenbach of the "Frankfurter Allgemeinen Zeitung" ["Frankfurt
When a massive number of companies suddenly requested short-term work at the beginning of the corona crisis, the CoRA had to respond quickly.
Normally the review takes up to three weeks.
"We did not have this much time in this hot phase.
This is, then, what we will be looking at more closely at the final accounts.
There will certainly be some more.
We are not naive about this situation and have a long breath.
The evidence of abuse of these concerns often comes from the engaged employees or trade unions.
In addition, the BA analyst software uses to identify patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn.
"Will there be significantly more bankruptcies than in the previous year?
The assessments differ, but we are radically bowling to the case and are already training our employees in the employment agencies to deal with insolvency payment applications.
The numbers are still invisible, terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The collection was dissolved at 20.48 am by the roaders of the Press and Gardens Foundation (SPSG Convention), notified the foundation, in response to a PNN request.
The young adolescents would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening, some young people played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow was cleared by a hire driver, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time- and again illegal parties are going on in the parks
In the parks of the foundation, there are certain meetings where the distance and hygiene rules of the Civid-19 course are not met.
At the end of June there was an event with about 300 people in Babelsberg Park, and a week later around 150 people took part in the New Garden.
Even without the Corona order, the parks are closed when darkness erupts.
Typical market rules indicate that the keeping of the pond is prohibited and there are only a few exceptions.
The foundation has for some time been complaining that visitors would leave more and more waste and destroy protected biotopes.
Meanwhile, in Berlin, illegal park parties have reached another dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln, during the night, 5,000 people celebrated an illegal techno-party during the night.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass tests after Corona outbreak in a tourist resort
Hundreds of test sessions arising from authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48, as the Regional authorities in Linz having noted.
More than 100 results were still running in the evening.
Therefore, many of the infected are young trainees in tourism businesses, but at least one tourist request has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
CANCELL address was set at 11 p.m.
“There are cancellations and cancellations there” for bookings, say the business of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Association Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some individual guests have intentional travel early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season, around one third of the Guests are Germans.
The first infections were negotiated in public on Friday.
On Saturday the head of the District authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the trainees who had celebrated at several locations and could have infected them.
“We all love to do it within our youth,” he said to the broadcaster Ö1.
However, two bars were closed on Friday in order to prevent any further infections.
The Tourism Association initiated an information campaign to raise the awareness of young workers about the dangers of covid-19.
From Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
The outbreak of the system makes memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl- in Tyrol, who was a center for the rippling of the Corona into Europe during the initial phase of the pandemic.
Over 1500 people are currently infected with the virus in Austria.
Particular centres of the release of new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - The former Latvian soccer recording champions Manchester United returned to the Champions League after a year's absence.
In the last day of the Premier League, the Red Devils secured the third table spot with a 2-0-00 product on served against direct opponent Leicester City.
The Foxes now have to simplify themselves with the European League, because the FC Chelsea preferred and fourth still qualified for its prestigious certificate.
Aston Villa was fortunate to inspire in the fight against the descent.
Manchester United took the lead by a "plunge" of Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
"This means a lot to me", said Trainer Frank Lampard, who was also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal for his first season as a through Chelsea coach.
Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspire, which joined the Wolves with a leak 1:1 (1:0) at Crystal Palace and started as the sixth and sixth at the Europa League.
Aston Villa therefore opted to join FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, but had to amount tackling for a long time at West Ham United for more explanation.
The late leadership of Jack Grealish (84th) immediately Terminus Andrew Jarmoleklenko (85th).
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club, which used three taughters during the season, increases after a couple of first league years.
Much like Bournemouth, which could’t save himself by 3:1 (2:1) at the FC Everton.
At the end a point was missing.
The FC Liverpool, which is already admitted as an English master since the end of June, secured a completion record of the Deal with a #3:1 (1:1) winning at Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest points the reds have ever achieved in a soccer season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the two pair of pointscs in English soccer.
The best brands are held by Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017/18 season.
After the Newcastle tour, in the first minute, the Visgil van Dijk (38th), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) turned the round of the given at Valvar 20 for Liverpool on Sundays.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season", said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "this should inspire us to defend the title.
It will be difficult”.
The Premier league bosses should also be satisfied in the end.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis the soccer businesses in England were interrupted from March 13 to Ju 17th.
In the meantime, even a premature discontinuation or a choping up of the remaining staying Games has been discussed on neutral territory.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against the head of government Netanyahu are becoming more forceful.
Violent confrontations have occurred over night.
The Israeli police forces have violently acted in Jerusalem by the night of Sunday against action against participants of a demonstration against the right-wing conservatives Chief, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people have been arrested due to participation in unrest, police officer Micky Rosenfeld informed.
Among other things, the police used water labells to disbure the demonstration.
According to reports of the media, around 6,000 people by Friday had gathered together near Netanyahu’s office on Saturday evening.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, foggy in horns and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of a counter-demonstration that supported Netanyahu have also been arrested, having reports on the news “ynet’.
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including from the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city Caesarea, along with a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested according to policy information near Tel Aviv, due to suspicion that he was spraying perpeffers to demonstrators on the side of the street from a motor was imported.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly injured at the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Last, Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among his borders, he has been accused of premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely afflicted the country’s economy.
Ultimately, the unemployment rate was more than 20 percent.
The number of new infections with the coronavirus in Israel has recently risen to increasingly low levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporters arrives at a car - nine injured - Ruhrgegebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A attending incident demanded nine light injured involved on Saturday afternoon on the B58 in Ahlen.
A driver driven in the direction of Beckum with her two children (3, 5).
Police: "probably she had suddenly bracked because she wanted to turn off".
It seems that the driver of a Mercedes transporter who was behind her has to be seen too late.
He came to the back of the car.
During the accident three passengers in the car and six in the transport were slightly injured.
Several these vessels brought them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
Until now, North Korea called a "glittering success" in its own measures to defend the coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Due to a first official case of Corona suspected in the country, North Korea has completely sealed off a major city for fear of-disaster.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months ''the malicious virus could have been smuggled into the country,” the state media reported.
The period of emergency occurred for the region around the border city of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership called for the highest alarm level.
If the suspected case is confirmed, it would be the first official case of SARS CoV-2 infection in the c established country.
North Korea has so far not registered any infection, according to its own labels, and described its defense measures as "virgin" success.
The information was doubted abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms of disease were detectedwith the "exuberant" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person deported to South Korea three years ago and has now returned across the border.
South Korea initially failed to have assertions about the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely still dismantled military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
Some people had been investigated in this respect.
According to its own data, North Korea organized a meeting of the Labor Party Police originally chaired by the leader Kim Jong Un on Saturday, on account of the suspicious case.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe".
Kim had previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to "block Kaesong completely and isolate any district and the region from other countries" haid him on.
The persons concerned, as well as all people in Kaesong who would have had contact with their contraries, had been placed under quarantine.
The central military commission in the Party should therefore investigate the 'emergence loss', as well as the conduct of the responsible military unit, and, where appropriate, impose severe sanctions.
According to estimates around 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Brappage ahead of the Council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer rest.
"In addition to environmental issues, board members will also vote on, among others, the development plan for the major project Centre Development-East", it was conventionally given as an offspring in the central part of the urban press release for the the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 July at 16:30 in the Grand
What these entail about, for example, the appreciation of the eastern city continue to be discussed controversially until the very end.
The majority for this is compelling, most recently votes against in individual committees, depending on where they are present.
An appeal from the industry (building, real estate, trade and IT), the project, which emerged from the citizenship, and then developed by the administration and local council, not to fail now after almost 10 years of preparation, critical objectives Reinhard Klein over a "extra-par
"All meaning, it will be better," says Klein, a member of the local council for a year as the only representative of the "Pforzheim Citizens' List".
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The exit costs the city cheaper, though Germany was an historical building, contrary to the administration's statements after grants, whereby some people have a conviction that they had to designing for 8.5 Mioó€.
The city will develop very differently from forecasting the town hall and the supporters of world economic affairs.
Designing the city by its own strength and not by its own investors: his plan B. One day on top of the Galliag forcement board that the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group also rejected the project is an alternative concept.
It also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall, the opening of the cavalside, the reitherance of the Ex d 42 for administrative areas and a smaller city reorganisation, ideally with local parking facilities.
Environmental topics play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes several measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road traffic, including quite frequently back to temporary reduced prices.
In a press release, the local mobile publications club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, on base that city politicians are not blind to the fact that they have only contributed to a massive increase in car transport and thereby noise by neglecting scheduled bus links and by weak commitment to cycle
The municipal council is also voting on the involvement of the city of the energy and climate protection agency of Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Also on the agenda is the launch of accession to the climate agreement of Baden-Wurttemberg, the redefining of parental contributions to the municipal nursery systems and the application for inclusion in the Federal Smart-City support scheme.
Citizens are welcome but must take into account Corona protective measures.
With a great delay Tim Zimmermann is starting new season
With almost half a year delay Tim Zimmermann starts his Premiere Season to the ADAC GT Masters on July 31, 2009.
The first tests took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operations.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With the ABS, for example, we must go in the courses differently.
But it was really a great fun".
Zimmermann also funshipped with Steijn Schothorst with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Despite it's just 25 years experienced in GT sport , the Dutch managed to help his new team friend already in a lot of many things.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports at all. But every new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
At the Lausitzring, the GT Masters will also have its first race.
After 31 July, the 33 super sports cars will be slown through the Lausitz discount office.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was most recently a guest in the motodrom.
“It worked quickly and I have had little getting used to the track,” says Zimmermann, who starts of the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you need to meet optimally in order to be quick".
So how fast Zimmerman' s case really is - it turns out in two weeks.
" The teams poker a bit, of course, when they fit the tests," he says.
" Finally we are very satisfied and are looking forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a tightly pressed calendar.
There are seven races to the beginning of November.
What is currently present is that no spectators will be allowed - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
British Minister of Transport in the quarantine decision catches cold
The decision of the British government to quarantine whether it will be responsible for Spain closer to two weeks after returning, according to press reports that the country’s transport minister picked up coldly.
Thus, Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, while his colleagues at home agreed the measure on Saturday.
Because of the resurgent growth in Corona numbers in Spain the London Cabinet removed the country from the list of countries from which entry without quarantine requirements is possible.
The new regime will apply as of today, Sunday, and with that shapps will also need to be asked to return to quarantine after his return.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
But the provision applies to those who are on the cancellation date only date from Saturday 1 August, they were not introduced overnight.
It would mean that, so far, Spain is considered, in Austria, one of the 'safe countries', for which no quarantine is needed in Austria.
"Many ministers should be informed in advance that there is a possibility that a quarantine will be imposed for leisure guests of Spain " said Leburary divers Diane Abbot.
"But apparently no one has taken the trouble to tell Grant Shapps.
Just 1 month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the abatement from the suspension of the strict lock, the number of infection in the country is rising once again.
Virologists make night life the most responsible for the further spread.
Spain is one of the most pleasant holiday countries in Britain.
The British government is currently advising to token out of unnecessary travel to the most popular Canary Islands and Balearic Islands in the United Kingdom.
To date in Spain, more than 272,000 infections have been reported with the novel corona virus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Maritime Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced to his country her country that he would equip war-vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weapons.
With these weapons unique in the world, the fighting opportunities offered by Russian naval forces would be expanded, etc. Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central maritime parade.
The defence Ministry also informed the Interfax Agency of the successful tests carrying out the hyperships, Zirkon, which was put in existence for the Army.
The hypersonic weapons have many times the sensory speed of around 343 meters per second.
They are regarded as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedo continues to be built
It was further developed at the posteidone underwater centre, which has become a nuclear macurel.
Plantedaway sewerage projects are planned for destroying coastal targets.
The President, who also divroduced a military boat, said that this year alone 40 new ships would be released directly into the fleet federations of the largest country in the world.
Russia has a large coastal area equal to any other country in the world.
For 300 years, Marine Russia has been reliable to be protected, says Putin aboard the day celebrated throughout the country by Matrosen.
However,even in many other Russian coastal places, the seas’ forces tampled the marine day with parades.
In Syria, where Russia is fighting from each other, alongside leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated its strength with a search in the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Munitions were also fired there.
In a video released by the Defence Ministry, not only were warships, including a submarine, but also combat helicopters and jets.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: aid due to Corona makes difficult
Washington - The first hurricane of this year’s season above the Atlantic has realised land in Texas.
Evidence-threatening floodings, strong winds and severe rains now threatened parts of the US state, announced the NOAA National Hurricane Center in the night on Sunday (rituality) throughout the US Climate Agency.
Regional Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for numerous districts.
The growing corona pandemic plunged in Texas makes the work being done by the aid workers more difficult, says Abbott according to US media.
Call to be cautious
"Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicles".
From the hurricane in Texas, he added that: 'This challenge is complicated and would bextified if one considers that it bridges it through an area that is the main burden of the country's state, hit b
According to Johns-Hopkins University, around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called on people who have to leave their homes to be cautious.
They should not disregard practices to 'we have used to', such as masks must carry, say the governor according to the station CBS.
It was important that everyone maintained distance from it.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition to that they should be tried in emergency shelters on corona.
Damage had initially only been reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning once again recalled
At wind speeds of up to 150 km/h, "Hanna" would have arrived in a country , according to authorities for the island of Padre Island right befront of the Texan coast, according to
The tropical storm was previously the hurricane of the lowest level one.
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning had first been issued and the engineering was reset again.
Authorities expected a weakening while Hanna goes further inland and approach northern Mexico.
"Douglas" moves towards Hawaii
In the Pacific, hurricane „Douglas” was on Sunday at wind speeds of around 150 km per hour, as it was on Hawaii.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected the hurricane to continue to weaken.
It is predicted that he should be built on Sunday (local times), close to Hawaii's largest islands, then as a story just below the hurricane threshold.
About the Atlantic, however, no AAA expected an above-average hurricane season this year, according to a forecast that was held in May.
It is expected that up to 10 hurricanes would percise as from June to the end of November; up to six of these could become very strong hurricanes, the authority declared.
On average, every year there are six hurricanes over the Atlantic, three of which are meant to develop into storms of great storm.
Given available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean, the probability only is 30% a normal season, a profile below an average of only 10%, the quote referred to earlier research.
US President Donald Tremp wrote on Twitter that his government closely observes the storms and is in contact with the affected states.
Four goals unknown: Video Assistant 'punished' Sassuolo
Sassuolo’s Filip Djuricic also heard two goals put in the state.
Naples - Four headaches achieved, four gates zwil unter krnenk: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a swag black evening at 0:2 (0:1) at SSC Naples in Italian soccer League Serie A - and was
"A festival of unprepared goals for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so hard àtouching a team" commented the "Corriere dello Sport”.
Host Naples had been given through a gate by actor of foreign defense Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in the 22nd minute Filip Djuricic dubbed the compensation initially.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again into the net - the VAR again generated.
The attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) also returned by the referee team for consideration of the VAR.
In the poster time, Allan made the 2:0 adjustment for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology sets records, tces out the “Gazzetta dello Sport”.
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) -- The start in the hot real-life preparation phase for the Champions League started with a setback for Double re and FX Bayern.
subsequently, after a short vacation and a few days of training, Hansi Flick tonightus regards for following first team training how he could redevelop his successful defense after the injury of World Ch
The Frenchman who had the third most support deadlocks, controlled by Captain Manuel Neu, and Midfield chief Joshua Kimmich, suffered his license on his left foot pillar and threatened to miss decisive king-class duels
In the Munich Schudelweather, the right defender dislocated a training game and was driven off by a golf card.
How long the unrestricted tribe player has to be in the fights for the title is open.
An effective team in the eighth final match against the FC Chelsea on 8 August may be hard to bring before the final tournament, starting in Lisbon on 12 August, the 24-year-old is entitled to be hopeful.
However, the Bavarian were reluctant to be stopped from the misdeskilleness of the training on Sunday.
According to his personal triple formula, Flick called the three attributes he will promote from his stars on the way to the capital of Portugal.
Quality, intensity and concentration should show a victory-hungry title collector in the ideally following 28 days until the Grand Class Final Vanish on August 23.
„We have simply mastered the obligations with mastermastership and championship excellently.
Now it is required to use some choice something specially created”, Flick said.
However before Munich can deal specifically with the final tournament, and already, a training campe at the Algarve operates the first-ever eighth final. To merge the FC Chelsea registration against its golf or other FC players, the Ferrero-Chilsea commi
After the 3:0 stem before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"First of all we have to go through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and go to project the confidence with a good game," according to Flick.
A test of vote will be due on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
In a long speech, Flick immemorialized his stars, who have had some 13 days’ holidays after the double, to a one-off August.
He welcomed 31 players on the Säbener Straße, including the new players around precious buying Leroy Sané, who first met all new colleagues on the place following his patterns from Manchester City.
"Leroy, like every new one, has fit neatly", reported Flick.
But instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. can't be highly jokes, Fick preferred to talk about the current title project of the German series championship.
After days of individual and small-group training a team has now been trained to the Londoners who are in game rhythm unlike Flick’s support group.
A quarter final against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi would then be there to the Munich call; at the halffinal the Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin face possible opponents.
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not that easy", added the head coach, who can rely on the services of his new Assistant, Miroslav Klose, in the training from Tuesday.
The team record-seat Shaures Klose and Flick know about so many coordinate in tournament preparation. This is especially important for the 0-100 figure.
With his current team the work "is a pleasure" praised Flick.
The Focus on Winners is an impressive character of his team.
The tournament with 92 teams got excited with ambitious results on Sunday.
None of these achievement providers were involved, including the refugeesale Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the king's class season has not been protected.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to get his world champion faces
Since the required number of continents cannot indeed be driven, the FIFA needs to improvise to award the World Championship title.
All American races have been cancelled.
Renn calendar is becoming more concrete
The race calendar for the current Formula 1 season is still going on to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
In October on training routes will be going to the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portuguese Portimão.
On November 1 Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for World Cuporrections on the Italian traditional traditional race track in Imola.
This brings you 13 races according to the current stand, set in the race calendar for 2020.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
In the overall 15 to 18 horse races should be completed in the first class of motorsport during this story season.
Formula 1 will finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar is scheduled to be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
A week before the officially planned races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, the media reports show that, as the result, there could be population of Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
The Rules require races on three continents
The requirements for Formula 1 regulations for the entry of the world championship is however at least the cake tracks on three continents.
Even if, as is, currently planning only two continents, there must be a world champion.
By means of a special rule the FIA wants to award the title pursuant to exceptional circumstances, for the coronavirus case.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in a short-term due to the evolving corona crisis.
It is no issue to return to the continent this year.
Furthermore, the Formula 1 will not be staying in America this year.
Rejection plots criticism in Brazil
Due to the tight coronas situation, the world's races in Canada, the USA, Mexico and Brazil will not take place.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
Refusal of the America races came criticism particularly in Brazil: "We did not be surprised but we cannot accept the reasons by it", said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
Thus the infection level in the São Paulo region is much lower than in other regions of Brazil.
The concerns of some teams not wanting to travel in Brazil would also not justify a downside of them.
We should be prepared for the required safety measures.
Greta Thunberg: Evil moment against Donald Trump revolved around the world.
Greta Thunberg talked about her encounter with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was guested on the popular Latenight show in Stephen Colbert's version via video switch and talked into what she planned in her interview about when she met Donald Trump.
Climatics civist Greta Thunderberg was guest in a popular US latenight show via video shute.
Among other things, she spoke of her fight against the powers of the world.
The teenager also talked about her famous “baby look” during her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - In the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has falled to attention with her tireless cellancing on the Fridays For Future movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latentight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17 year old Thunberg on Tuesday in her company and conducted a longer interview with Swedin.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the powers of the world.
“There are some things that surprised me”, she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
"All from organized hate campaigns to threats, only because a group of children get to the street", she has experienced.
Heads of state and leading politicians who are teaming of or even trying silences in social media go upon them, there's enough "to behave" for the reactions, as they show "because they have no other answer'.
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the UN climate summit in New York in 2010 for which the officer switched across the Atlantic on review, her expressive look by the cameras was captured, and has since been viewed by thousands of people on the
The short clip comes from a GIF, an animated post, which finally became one of the most commonly used pictures for Trump opponents.
But what was the 17-year-olds thinking about the US president at that moment?
She only replied shortly and dry to the relatively outstanding question posed by Stephen Colbert: "To be honest, I do not think that we needed any further explanation.
Colbert, an experienced satirist, was unlikely to withten her final response, only to shortly disappear, laughing at her initial position.
With her "How can you?" speech about the principles of climate protection, you worth recalling to a lot of people at the Climate conference.
Ex Dortmund Immobile with three-pack for Lazio Rome.
Ciro Immobile is now operating in Europe’s Golden Shoe race on the same day as Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile still has the best chance of becoming a tortoise king at the Italian football championship.
The former BVB professional contributed three folders to the 5:1 ('1:1) winning the Lazio Rome winner in Hellas Verona, including 2 reflected elfmeters during the after-revealal times of each half.
Thus, the 30 year-old, from the table ́s fourth two season races before the end, cast 34 seasonlists from its account – the same number of Robert Letowski from FC Bayern Munich had him at his last Belgian club in the past century.
In Italy is following Cristiano Ronaldo, with 30 doors so far, the Portuguese superstar met with the lead competinner in the evening on Sampdoria Genua.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a roller coaster journey. After a rapid climax death with Fleetwood Mac, they dropped into the bottom and then slowly up again.
Now the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
ederal guitarist, drugs-junkie, cult follower: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
It died peacefully in sleep at the age of 73 and informed family members, in an official opinion on Saturday, a further position would always be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a “monumental loss” for all of the former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green founded the long legendary volume in London in 1967. Unforgettable is the familiar instrumental hit, "Albatross".
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green experienced an unprecedented acquisition with Fleetwood Mac - she has celebrated her most successes without him.
Among other sourges, there is consultancy because Green wanted to use the group to donate all of its benefits for charities.
He began to appear in large grades and with a beautiful crucifix.
Mental problems are also supposed to have played a role.
Along three years after it was founded Green left the band in 1970.
A social decline followed.
The Bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatric place for a long time.
For a large part of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the arc of the scene.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family in the Londonistrict of Bethnal Green.
Already in young years, he embodies U.S. blues musicians like Benjamin King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years, he learned his first guitar bands.
At the age of 15, the teenager began playing true guitar professionally and only five years later gained the chance to be on stage as lead guitarist for the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
Just a little later, he became a replacement for his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreaker.
Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blue boom in the summer of 1967 along with his Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
The song "Albatross" concerned with Green pc gave the group its first number 1 hit in the winter and catapulted them to the brighter of the UK music scene in 1968/69.
But the quickly progress soon showed its shadow sides: Green did not threw the media stream, his experiments with the drugs LSD were becoming increasingly extreme.
But later, in an interview, he commented on life between music and addiction: "The worst thing happened to me in life is the drugs - the best of the things to land on reference 1 hit". Regarding his love beyond, one of this
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Meanwhile, Fleetwood Mac without him swim on a wave of success combined with a new formation.
In 1977, the album “Romours” sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.
Despite several minor solo successes Green didn't achieve major comeback until he arrived in 1996 with a group of friends commeted musicians.
at the time in which the British "Daily Telegraph" spoke of a rock star returning back to the globe.
Green and the Peter Green Splinter Group released various albums with drugs free until the release in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
