Bikers react quickly and prevent worse situations
On Friday evening a traffic accident occurred at the street between Machtolsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcyclist man was injured slightly thanks to his quick reaction.
Drivers Overlook Bikers
A 44 year-old driver wanted to turn in Motorsheim direction at 21.30 am with her VW from merklingen following the left within the road 1230.
In this time, I followed the uprising rider of the first race from Nellingen, who entered human physical science best.
Collision blows down man and foot brakes
The bikers still tried to avoid racing, they were struggling at the rear range of vehicles.
At the Suzuki professional, the mountain mass levers were pulled down by its strip operation, and the driver was no longer able to slow off.
He, mentally, directed his motorcycle alongside the path and made it roll out there without having to fall.
Bikers suffere injury
However, by collusion with the car the biker has infringed the position and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a porona-mass infection at a large vegetable farm in the Bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and cannot leave the housing.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest helpers have been positively tested for the Corona AG Sars-COV-2, as reported by the State Sectoral Office of Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening.
'Unfortunatley, in order to avoid a further spread, this step is needed to protect the population', says Counciler Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Before this beginning, seven staff were infected, this was the reason for the series test.
The resort offers a large vegetable farm, producing select sorts of strawberries, cucumbers and cold and red beads – but only beans for insulation vessels.
Mamming is a rural commune with 3300 inhabitants, close to Dingolfing with its large BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to maintain calm: "We understand that this is a closed consortium of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD shared responsibility for the State Government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of housing of seasonal workers.
„That can still be bad news when this is a local incident, calling for regional lockdowns," said Jürgen Mistol, the Director-General of Parliament of the Greens.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"Our understanding is that it is the hygiene requirements at work and conditions within the area of housing that need to be closely monitored.
This obviously has not happened”.
The outbreak came "with confirmation."
Aidenbachstraße underground station: dangerous dispute : 19-year olds fallen into the track bed after Schuber
In a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße underground station, a 19-year-old fell by a delay and slides into a cockpad.
President Aportement Chichol and Afabrik today provided an overview of the schedule for business. This information provided almost all the support needed to structure the project and address the news.
One passant alarmed the police, which traveled with multiple stripes.
According to the first investigations, a Munichese (17) brought to the ground a 19-year-old.
The young man slied over the edge of the rail walk and fell into the railroad floor.
People from the group of the 17-year olds helped to climb out of track.
There was no risk to introduce the rail.
As the police informs, there was again a confliction between the two people.
The 17-year old fled from the land where he entered in, but his staff could be investigated in retrospect.
He accompanied his father to the police inspection detail for 29.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended.
In the course of a media report, however, the Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, asked for an extension of the period of retention.
It is therefore intended to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister Horst Seehofer (CSU) is calling for an extended data retention for the media report – as opposed to the planned ten weeks until half of a year.
As the "Picture on Sunday" reports, Seehofer Member of Justice Christian Lambrecht (SPD) sent a letter requesting a fast amendment to the law.
Seehofer therefore intends to reinforce measures against child abuse.
It would be wise to make necessary "adjustments to the law at the moment," quotes the newspaper from the letter.
At present, data storage is suspended.
A European Court of Justice decision on this is expected.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
A spokesman from the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it would be useful to determine whether there is a need for any adaptation if the courts had this choice.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, along with the country’s Home Affairs Ministers, even decided to express a support for data retention in June.
NBA: Strip club annoying Clippers-Star Lou Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball professor of Los Angeles Clippers, is due to leave the tournament district of Disney World in Orlando/Florida for an abomination.
Also, according to the US media reports, he attended the dedicated smartingclub "Magic City" in Atlanta.
Williams, who is to have admitted the visit according to ESPN files, is again testing in Isloation every day on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
In this way, the Clipper star misses the first two officially prepared parties after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA prepared to finish the Corona season.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing with training games at the season finals brinking off on friday night.
Söder speaks about the Corona situation following mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will appear live on our website.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has frightened authorities and politicians.
The big vegetable farm currently employs almost 500 harvest helpers from several nations and more than one third has infected with the Corona pathogen.
The courtyard is now under quarantine and locked out with a fence.
Nobody is allowed to leave the premises; food is supplied.
The authorities now offer some 3 300 inhabitants of the community free corona tests.
As harvest workers have very little contact with local population, the Land Council ensured that recent infections did not make an impact beyond the farm here.
"Consciences": confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
"My client has acted cooperatively," said lawyer Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added, “He deeply regrets the acts and that confession was a liberation for him.”
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the case of a condemnation the man, according to the public prosecutor, will be required to face ten years of prison and a fine amounting to EUR 150 000.
The Gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul in Nantes was seriously damaged by a fire the night, on Saturday of last week.
The fire had broken out at three extraordinary places in the church.
Laboratory exams reinforced suspicion of a fire foundation.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
However, after a day he was released again.
The man has been working as the volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fires.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that we consider abolition of the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at any rate discuss fixing conditions and clear rules for investors before the European Commission succeeds in setting a reality", it said Mr. Grindel the paper on Sunday.
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
So the discussion does not matter whether it is not necessary for the clubs wishing to break into this phalanx to facilitate investors' participation."
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a legal risk to apply an investment fence to the Bundesliga economic site in a single European market", said Grindel.
The former DFB Manager assumes the danger that 'interventions to raise the federal legislation's level of competition will eventually only weaken the competitiveness of the top clubs at European level, but not create more excitement in the Champions
Even an equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive effect.
"FC Bayern represents a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
So the differences are enormous among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", explained the 58-year-old.
Considering the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and got through the press, instead of addressing it," said Grindel about the take-up of an expensive clock that led to his resignation in April 2019.
"That has been of great concern to me".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of this" said Grindel.
"I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and pointless way.
Many people in the DFB were aware of this."
He never "purchased a vineyard from the gift" assured the 58-year-old.
"People may call it naïve; in any event, this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": Wounded and a death
The protests against the police force in the United States have further escalated by Donald Trump’s use of federal policemen in various cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities.
In Louisville three people were injured, and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shots, while a demonstration just crossed a crossroad.
Previously, in Portland, there were conflicts again during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including officials at the Federal Police, introduced tear gas on Saturday night and forced demonstrators to break apart.
Hundreds of, partly armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and demanded that the rulers responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor to be held accountable.
The 26-year-old student was shot during the drug razzia in her home in Louisville in March.
The razzia was aimed at anyone who did not reside in the area and no drugs were found also.
When a members of a group who called themselves an armed alliance of black Americans gave one shot on Saturday, three persons were injured.
According to the sender NBC, they were brought to hospital.
None of them lived at risk of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
Ultimately, it happened that the two groups did not meet.
In Spanish Austin, a person was shot and died during a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
The Commission has so far not provided detailed information on the circumstances in question.
Mayor Steve Adler said the “New York Times” say that, like many in the city, they were "irrous and dismayed" because of what happened.
In the American metropolis Seattle, on Saturday, demonstrators were also warring with the police.
The factories burned against a friction against an young prison, police services used granades of eyes and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
In the city of Oakland in California, one court building was burnt down.
A small group of protesters flocked windows, fireworks shot off and police officers blinded with laser, brought a late Saturday night (local-time) to Oakland police.
The fire could be erased quickly again.
At Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drive through a crowd which demonstrated along a highway.
As the police informed, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was taken to hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes defy Corona
Although there was no residence in the spa town, visitors and performers properly enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative programme.
It was unusual for visitors, actors and organizers: The Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy Festival.
But although the big party mile in the city centre was missing, population masses and community purposes such as barking room,  Arafatic ball, or a military camp, many alternatives to Corona were optimal.
“I think we have succeeded in spreading Rakoczy-Flair,” comments curator Sylvie Thormann.
They loved the residence, the rooms were clean and comfortable.
In principle, you return to the early days of the Rakoczy festival, as the historicians solely were the focus of this festival.
comfortable atmosphere.
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
This is also the approach this time in the Corona Year.
Taking home from the Luitpold Casino, this couple observes the actors’ history while indulging in a flight and listens to Cuban live music at the games bank’s restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
They are missing the crowds who otherwise belong to Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"That is a pity.
The weather would have been very suitable this year,” she says.
Rakoczy Tournament will take place again
The alternative programme in turn meant more work for the performers of the historical heritage guests.
For children and adults, we think that good care is an important proposition both together.
This year she went on through the town on Saturday and Sundays in Kostüm.
"That is all the more tiring, otherwise we will have it much easier,” she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
"We very much hope that next year’s riding squadrill can take place again." says the Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 Corona cases involving Spanish bilingualists Fuenlabrada
Spain's second serious professional football champion CF Fuenlabrada is even sliding deeper into crisis as a result of a Corona outbreak.
Ever since the newcomer closely from Madrid had, despite its first Corona calls on July 20, entered the town of A Coruña, a next deck break is followed.
By Sunday, 28 players or team members were tested favourably, though one came into the hospital as the club reported.
Fuenlabrada from the homogeneous city southwest of Madrid has past had an opportunity to reach the Entertainment and Playoffs.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
The Game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, the public prosecutor found for a possible crime against communicable health, the top sport authority CSD considering the forced departure
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Another problem was food.
Neither is it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally jeopardising public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
There have been no breaches of the corona rules established by the Spanish National Football Association, which was stressed by Javier Tebas, President of the Spanish Primera Division, as reported by the Europe Press News Agency and by
There were four people suffering before the departure date until 19 July, but all of them were isolated and did not participate in the trip.
All Players and team members have been tested again just before the flight in A Coruña Monday.
When the team were already in A Coruña, the held respective terms and conditions in respect of the Corona test were outstanding and they improved the performance of both four and six teams.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attack, Tebas Llanas said.
Police must take out damped horses
Two animals were on the street.
The police sent them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6 a.m. some transport operators announced two open-handed horses on the training route between Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld, and the Theres motorway traffic centre.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
After the number of vehicles had gathered the climbers' trust shortly before the steam wheel passed on, they might remove a rope carriage.
Professional Tony Martin: career continuation imagineable
Time drive specialist Tony Martin is considering continuation of his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sport career.
"I am working now with the team on the preparing conditions for how and in how it might continue," said the 35-year-old of the Frankfurt General Sunday Newspaper.
Martin currently worked with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the Corona break, had thought to finish his careers after this year.
In their negotiations with his team, we are also talking about the number of racing days, he said.
Or other problems that would beset him as a family father said Martin.
In the past he stood up after Fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back again to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would happen if?
The cyclist admitted that there are certain aspects as to which he does increasingly struggle.
"But it was good to remember from Corona's time what I want to be in cycling and how much fun it will do me".
The time specialist will return to the competition during the Tour de l'Ain (Austria – 5th - 9th of August).
Bavaria: at least four dead people during the weekend on Bavarian roads
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets many places.
For at least three people, the motorcycle tour ends deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies as well.
Schönthal - As a result of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several young people died on the weekend, most of them young.
On Saturday, a new 18-year-old motorcycle drover was captured by a car in Schönthal (landistrict of Cham) which came along a cycling trail.
First of all the reason why the car was turned against the backend was unclear.
On Saturday, a 22-year old traveler that had arrived at Oberbavians met a horse ride.
According to the police command, he had roamed left.
In a left curve he pulled against the cup.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the twelve people in the cargue the woman was badly injured, and a man had slightly been injured, as the police told.
In another, fatal accident, an 18-year-old in the Upper Paletic Bad Kötzting died.
He had waited to hit a street on Sunday night so he was overrolled by a 42-year-old car driver.
As the police predicted, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer slow down in time.
From the region of Schönberg (Landkreis Freyung-Grafenau) a 57-year-old biker had right-wing radius control on Saturday over all the cars despite full-benchmarking.
He died at the place of the accident.
The 57-year-old driver has suffered a shock, and the remaining three people in the car remained injured.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of the bike protests announced for August against driving prohibitions, Gabor Kovacs, the Minister highlighted a wide range of investments such as shelter protection on line panels and the decommissioning of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a lot for motorcyclists' safety in recent years", said the letter.
"The number of motorized cyclists killed reduced by around 28 % compared with 2011.
Kovac testes Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) Today the campus is one of the most successful on technological terms in the world.
The eightth-term French master has the honour of visiting the Croatians' former Club on August 1st ( 18.00) in Hessen (his former club).
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” Kovac said.
In a sporty case it was a kind of interesting test, the 48-year-old says.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian supported the Croatian people on the raid.
In March this year, the Frankfurter family lost the eighth final battle against Basel in their own stadium, at 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof near lockdown
In the district of Hof the weekend the number of well-known new infections at Corona was further increased: from 39 on Friday and 43 Saturday (one person is designated and no longer in the listing) every sunday
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
The Hof area is thus approaching the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 people in one week.
700 deaths by monsoon raids in Southeast Asia
Over 9 million people are affected by the severe floods in Southeast Asia, most especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in Boats is attempting to reach isolated people.
The entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their crops.
Panzers idols in National Park to die in landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 armoured raiders died by landslides.
They are under protection and considered as at risk of extinction.
This year, the floods are particularly bad, which goes back to climate change for scientists.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 displaced persons through flooding.
So far, very few have intervened to date.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm abounds in Breneden.
For those of you who used to have homes, it was small and sophisticated to a lodge, often they don't want to spend a share of their lives in a large living block.
Many houses are empty, as the government wants, but they are to soon be recovered from those who have lost their house due to the flooding.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparative process, 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
Both the Swiss P Supervisory Board and the Medical Risk Board of the City of Vienna provide regular updates on the current case and results from a number of philosophies that have influences concerning the covid-19 virus. On Sunday 26 July 2020, 8am papers were informed in
The numbers of deaths related to the virus remain unchanged for 2004.
4.090 (+48) persons are welcome.
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased on Sunday by 22 to now 3 288.
A sick person is recovered according to the treatment.
This increases the number of genes to 2,936.
Currently, covid-19 is the disease of 247 patients in Germany.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ offer
The new demands could not be met; the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires reported on Saturday.
"Not only would this be irresponsible but also unfair" the report indicated.
"Whilst 50% of the children live in poverty in Argentina, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits".
The debt of the second-largest economy in South America is no longer sustainable under current conditions.
That is why Argentina calls on its private creditors to renounce some of their demands of about USD 66 billion (around 59 billion euros).
If there is no agreement, the country will once again be in danger of default.
This would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had called for higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis.
The latest inflation rate reached more than 50%.
In the current year, experts expect economic power to decrease by about ten percent.
By the end of May, Argentina had not paid interest claims from USD 503 million and slipped into a limited default.
Professional approach - Private not yet
"It's running supergood" - this conclusion goes to Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in Eggenfeld's Notariat.
At the end, everything went quickly: In mid may, Dr. Stefanie Kramer discovered that she would lead the succession of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelder Notary Department.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
"However, I do still have to arrive privately" , she said during conversation with the Rottaler Advertiser and laughed.
The suggestive invitation period, of course, had not been enough to relocate the food point from Regensburg completely to Eggenfeld.
Currently, she, with her husband who works as judge in Regensburg with the national courts, is engaged in the search for a suitable home or house in the city.
At least her son was able to request parental leave in the short term to guarantee the necessary care for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In October 2003, AFI brought the increased focus on infrastructure for researchers, welfare, and energy concerns.
Growed up in the neighbouring circumference, the city of Eggenfelden has certainly long since been a concept.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
Therefore, they were all the more pleased that they did the race during the competition for a vacant place.
Their home country in Lower Bavaria plays an essential role too in Dr Stefanie Kramer’s professional career: after a course school in Passau she held her referenda term and the second audience in Regensburg.
After several notary trading stations such as Reachau and Hof in Oberfranzen, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu, and Regensburg - during that period she took the prestigious positions in Labor Law at a "in-depth and elementary level" - she launched in 2012 as a Notar
She spent parental leave in 2016 and then moved to Regensburg.
Since then, they have been taking over representative services in various notary posts.
When it had been called for a deserved placement in Eggenfelden on the grounds that Lutz Feller had about to retire to his own home, the 39 players declared it ideal to have a full recruiting
Our predecessor, who leads the position on a future holiday meeting at their notary offices, has been fully adopted by Dr Stefanie Kramer, and has to praise the team of the office: "it is going super good!"
It makes it easier for them to deal with the prospect of promotional relocation of the private food point.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will be less than 20% filled for season start if fan returns.
"Following the main distance regime that is compulsory to respect, we are planning to perform with 12,000-15,000 viewers." said Borussia Dortmunds Managing Director Carsten Cramer
Ordinarily, the Arena in the district city attracts more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga's matches.
The ghost games of the second season caused by the Corona pandemic led the BVB to lose about four million euros per game.
The motive for marketing, digitalisation and Internationalisation at BVB hopes that, beyond the usual venueous spots, some of the about 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be again opened: 'Of course, it is a retroactive responsibility when recoveries are cut down
Given the ongoing Corona crisis, all 'were prepared to take a stable side long for the first time'.
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
Dortmund Marketing’s leader praised the interests of BVB professionals for their salary reduction which is supposed to help end the crisis: "Of course, they know that their waiver has a different effect than if we set 100 people working in merchandising to marginalized work".
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly worse than a packer of butter, just three keeps of adult blood in his whole body: that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 gramms.
The Bub is one of some 400 breakfasts, which is provided annually at the Graz children’s clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They were born so small and so early that neither long, or intestine nor muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny, that at times they often wear doll clothes and mini-winds specially produced for them.
But not so small that they do not have voices - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger fell.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes stage
Despite Corona theatre in classroom: The Whiteboard as stage witnessed the 9th classes of the UK’s St. James University in Abbey’s Rococo quarter just before starting the holidays.
Actress Julia Sylvester of the Theatre of the City of Aalen presented to the students with the production "The Home dress" - by video.
Afterwards, the students had a chance to chat with the actor and director Winfried Tobias about their place and performance via Skype.
The idea was born for the performance format from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
“If we continue to improve the technical environment, this could be an interesting complement to the game” explains director Winfried Tobias.
launching first round: The TSV 1860 would meet in Frankfurt’s DFB pokal
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
The event included this on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponents are chosen to play in the second round of the DFF.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
This was demonstrated in the ARD games show on Sunday evening.
Since the field is still not fully explored for the Corona pandemic, members of the group required the appropriate placement offer.
With the voluntary waiver of a half-final matching button FC Memmingen we always will be pleased to host a contestal final at the Bavarian Spirit Toto Cup (4th or 5th September).
In this area the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoriaschaffenburg.
If Silver League bikes were to reach the finished finish, we would already qualify for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would have to prevail against regional slander Aschaffenburg in the final feature.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
"Follows Wind": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday at 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesman in the German press agency.
He began his studies at the Battle of Hamilton where he was educated. He was met with incarchies about the remote disabilities, and his great succes in life had clearly been leader in training.
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatrian Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia von Shakespeare's "Summer Night Dream".
Warner Brothers, a film studio at the Hollywood Walking College, contacted her for an all-time seven-year public, also parading her in the boards business projects for greater equality.
Eight films she has shot with a heartbreaker.
She won her first colossal Oscar in 1946 in musical work in the main role of "To Each His Own".
The film was released in Germany under the title "Mother’s Heart".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her executive role in the filming "My Cousine Rachel" for the first time in 1952.
The piece has become a global success.
Along with her long-established friend Bette Davis, she has played in "Wienlied für eine beruhache".
From his marriage with Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953) his son Benjamin emerged.
In Paris, De Havilland married Pierre Paul Galante the journalist and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke.
Rumours about an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss final at Comeback
The World Cup’s second Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the Beach volleyball tournament „Road to Timmendorf“.
As their groups meet in Düsseldorf at the semi-final, they did round off their National Team counterparts Nils Ehlers and Lars flights at 1:2 (19:21:11, 21:17, 19:21).
Last September, Thole/Wickler had the most important involvement in the World Tour Final in Rome.
In the final game on the Rhine, her affiliates Marcel Els/Fly raided a defeat on the unexpected team of Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde (17:21, 17:21).
Apart from the show Tournament, three startships have also been played for the German Championships in early September in Timmendorfer Strand. The tickets can be secured from Armin Dollinger/Simon Kuzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peem
AfD calbit dipersion confirmed - FDP referred to a "Fig Show"
From the point of view of the FDP, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from AfD is only a false hand and alters nothing about the party's character.
'The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the extreme right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AFD", said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday, after a long period of negotiations, the Federal High Court of the AFD approved the exclusion of Kalbitz, which the German Federal Bureau majority decided in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD is really about rigorously withdrawing right-wing extremists from its party, officials such as Björn Höcke and his supporters would have long been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will for this in AfD because right-wing extremism has become part of the party".
Similarly, CSU Secretary General Markus Blume said: “That Andreas Kalbitz remains excluded now says nothing, nothing changes” he said to the world on Sunday.
"It best speaks volumes, as many frenetic supporters still have right-wing extremists in the middle of AfD".
Flower believes that the AfD will go to below five percent in election in the future.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted".
Kalbitz was one of the spoke leaders of what has now been officially-disbanded flights across Thuringia. The Chairman of the AfD and Group, Björn Höcke, recognises that bonding is the "increasingly extremist right".
In May, the AfD Federal Executive Board released Kalbitz from its party.
One one certain reason he revealed that Kalbitz did not demonstrate earlier membership in the now prohibited extreme right-wing "home-trust in Germany" (HDA) and in the Republicans.
Kalbitz denies membership of the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains a far-right party, whether with or without Kalbitz.
This decision will neither weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
“The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
"We hope to avoid more monitoring by constitutional protection and try to get off the current radar," Walter said.
"The AfD will not take away the spirits she called.
An expulsion does not change anything in this respect.” declared the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburger SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"It is in that context that the AfD country association and the Group have thus to date held their right leader".
The legal dispute over Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
On Saturday he announced that he will now take civil action against the aid decision of the Federal Court.
North Sea wind farms provide nearly 21% more electricity
Foreign wind turbine plants located on the German North Sea have injected 11.51 terawatts of electricity into the grid during the first six months of the year.
This is just around 21% more than during the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet announced in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for transfer of North Sea electricity to the mainland and for further transmission via the German electricity grid.
Wind tunnels on the Baltic - which are not part of the TENNET network area - have fed further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) of their electricity.
In total, wind flows from the North and the Baltic region come to 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms will increase production capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy is the result in higher production capacities, as new wind farms have entered the new area over the last 12 months.
If 1270 wind power stations in the North Sea were all running at full force at the same time, one would generate 6.7 gigawatts of electricity in calculation.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea by 2030.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, we have up until that time invested EUR 20 billion in the development of offshore networks," said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind plants cannot reap maximum capacity at sea, but they account for about 40%.
The record day of this year is January 2, when North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, North Sea wind turbines produce around 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt electricity, that equates to three to four nuclear power stations.
This could provide electricity to almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a little celebration to mark the 130th birthday.
Birthday of the founder Kunstverein: The exposition opening of "Skirmish" with work by Leipzig artist Christian Bold marked the basis of the daily work in Corona.
Many more artists than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the art association; Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Kornhausplatz.
North of the gallery the association Sandtogether was working.
Freital: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled.
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day celebration scheduled in September.
In other years more than 30,000 people visited this public festival.
"We do not have made this decision easy and, knowing how difficult it is for those operators, hoped for it until the last minute," Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg said.
“But in the end we are responsible here as organisers for the health of many thousand people”.
The fact is that if tens of thousands were included on the contingency and the adjacents, minimum distances, hygiene and follow-up found in the Consumer Protection Regulation could not have been met.
Or the restrictions would have been so vigorous that there was not much left of a popular festival.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring cost would increase disproportionately.
Rumberg consolidated for next year.
The city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, with the Winter Mountain Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 as well as the day of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympics winner Werth at Achleiten has failed to beat
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51-year olds from Rhineberg came to four wins on the weekend at four starts.
She has won a Great Prix, showmonset golds and quantaz in January, and until sunrise she left ahead at the Granded Prix Special, located in Sheath Palace and Dujin.
On Sunday of the 15th edition of the visit under Wiesegold, Werth saw her intended and prominent activities against Victoria Max-Theurer from Austria.
Despite previous research by Grave and Christian World (CCM) on Society and Humanities, this new step continues to be taken and providing skills for the humanities, research and innovation.
Verwelt’s winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressage dress rider of the world will establish the 10-year restrictions with the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first winning.
Already during the first celebration in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14-16 August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
Wormser Hochschule is undergoing further input: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" creates a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
A contract between the higher education institution and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The contract was first concluded for three years and will launch in 2021.
Professors offer a possibility to begin studies not only during Summer but also at Winter Semester.
This will allow twice the number of students to be trained as previously.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will provide advice to the university during the creation and the establishment of the professorship.
Representing at the University since 2019
Since the summer semester in 2019, the first students in training to manage the level of air traffic at the University of Worms are in the course of Skills air traffic management.
Nine students have started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS is very positive, and the student performance is excellent.
The combination of studies and pilot training is a major contribution to further enhancing the competitiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to be able to fulfil our statutory mandate in future, we need highly qualified staff" says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of DFS during the signing of the contract.
“For DFS the foundation professor is a future-proof investment which will provide, over the long term, air traffic controllers with a broad and cross-channel knowledge base.
We therefore continue our good cooperation with the higher education and also simultaneously reinforce our attractiveness as an employer."
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
We aim to put this into contact with the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the double Bachelor course Air Traffic Management ".
German Air Navigation Authority confidence can serve as a driver of movement and a commitment for the School of Worms at the same time to increase our education and research expertise within the spheres of the future aviation industry.
In order to help the air traffic controllers of tomorrow, university, with its first foundation professor for a dual course at universities, can place particular highlights and innovative focus for their students.
Dr Denis Alt, Secretary of State at the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, said. "The Berlin School of Works, with its emphasis in the field of aviation, has its first-ranking presence at Rheinland-Pfalz.
Today's signature of the cooperation agreement will strengthen the profile of the university".
Rescue helicopter land on the A45
A45 motorway was mostly closed since safety helicopters were used after a traffic accident in Aschaffenburg on Saturday morning.
A 76-year old led straight along with a Ford at 12.40 a.m., at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in the curve and landed on the contributory course.
As a result of the impact, the front airbags sparked and the driver suffered many problems from the face, bringing it into hospitals for treatment.
The injuries of the 72–year-old Christopher have been provided with national aid from the entire staff, and the patient has flyed to hospital for the rescue.
At the moment, however, police presume that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of approximately EUR 2000, had to be pulled down.
Health wants to inspect other sectors in the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought and revived conditions in certain parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is soon to come.
But are they right - and will this remain?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (SPD) - in addition to the now planned regulations governing misconducts in the meat sector - is looking to inspect other branches of industry.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
After the massive Corona outbreak at the Tönnies gathering in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Office will pass a decision on Wednesday to put and enforce a law for sanctuary.
Large slaughter shops will no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
This would prohibit the use of work contracts as well as temporary workers there.
Employer President Ingo Kramer stated: "Finger away from an emerging branch restriction on worker contracts and workers' status, if you do not want to totally distract the economy".
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"Individual mistakes cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Heil said that 'My goal is not to ban employment contracts everywhere in the German economy'.
Work contracts make sense.
"If an industrial business orderred a craftsman to install a safety system then that is quite normal work contract".
In its sector alone, the German meat industry regarded a ban on working contracts and temporary work as unconstitutional.
It is not explainable why the future exporting and packaging of cheese should be subject to labour law other than segments of sausage, as described in an opinion on legislative project, like the New Osnabrück’s newspaper.
A ban would therefore raise consumer price by between 10 and 20 percent per kilo and product.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
Often, they did not have a break.
The company paid for protective equipment or rent.
It was also pointed out that the situation in accommodation for employees was often downright dubious.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
However, the "tricky designs" had circumvented these textures.
"Now it is necessary to clear things round".
The politician indicated: "The Labour Protection Act that we want to present at the cabinet at the end of July also concerns measures which concern not just the meat industry - for example, higher inspection rates for work protection or clear criteria for
The draft in question contains amendments to the law for the protection of workers' rights in the meat industry and the Labour Protection Act.
Brandenburg's Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers that more detailed controls are required.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more staff is needed to improve controls.
Three deaths in Germany when ultra light aircraft crash
There were three people who died, according to the police, in the crash of an ultra-light aircraft at a multi-family house in Wesel in the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia.
A child has been slightly injured.
Two more people were being saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district office said.
A parachute was found at the accident point, the police said.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
The house is one or two-family building.
At first, the details were not reported.
Leave Frankfurt Operplatz peacefully
A week after the events in Frankfurt, the evacuation of the opera plaza in the night-to-day life is held peacefully.
Ultimately, a few dozen people hide in the area, but left it before the closing hour immediately.
The police have been in operation ever since the early evening with numerous retired officials, while there has also been a higher police service throughout the city area.
For the first time, this weekend, from midnight onwards, there was a ban on entry into the Opera Square where hooligans were shelved one week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
the night was very quiet as well.
Old car hits! Young woman injured severely in the face of an accident on the Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
During an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injuries at 13.25 a.m.
She was brought into the hospital of Kassel.
The fire force looked for possible drivers using Heat Image Cameras.
According to police officers on the state road 83, the woman was traveling out in the direction of their place of residence in Humm, when her car departed from the well-cleared core.
To save the the accident, the firemen had to cut a car's roof off.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
Warburg's stand, which also use heat imaging cameras, was also ordered for the extreme search for personal dynamics.
However, those dedicated force did not find anything between the high maize plants.
The most serious injuries have been brought to further services with the emergency car from the Kassel Klinikum.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The German road was closed for two hours due to the accident.
Juventus Turin Master in Italy
Turin - after a renaissance of Cristiano Ronaldo, the record champion “Juventus Turin” has secured Italian championship for the third time in performance.
The team around the five world footballer made the 36th Scudetto of theAssociation's story perfect with a 2:0 (1:0) at his home game at Sampdoria Genoa on Sunday evening.
Ronaldo met 1:0 before the midterm.
With 83 points Turin, who not had the recently long-vileged ex-national player Sami Khedira, set under a seat only two days of action before the end of Serie A.
The other Inter Milan circuit lags back seven points.
Despite high optical supreme, Juventus was harmless in the first half of this period, and, following a freeriding variant yet, Ronaldo met with the last action.
A good example created by Miralem Pjanic was that the 35-year-old of the sentence used a flat-shooting (45.+7).
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
This has ensured the unshameable but decisive success.
the settings emitted on the table in the 89. minute are probably only fair if Ronaldo is correct but cannot compete with the product value.
“It is complicated to remain mental and physically at ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the moment changes very easy," trainer Maurizio Sarri said after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Followed the defeat, the fans did not have the chance to make the championship perfect.
Juve was ultimately prepared to accommodate the working class, attributing mainly to the weaknesses of the competitors.
In the eleven challenges to the Sunday match, the Sarri team only saw five wins.
Whether Ronaldo would still be a British Basket King is questionable.
This qualifying program holds 34 matches at Hellas Verona with Robert Lewandowski as much as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's "winnings of respect" at 5:1 (1:1), which until now won its assessment
The record in Italy is awarded by the present Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentinean earned 36 gates for the SSC Naples in the 2015-2016 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the coming C.O. Round, Real Madrid or Manchester City might be waiting as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: over 250 illegal authors
Stuttgart - Despite threats of penalties and court judgments, automobile drivers continue to continue to give gas in countless, illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads: last year and the first four months of this year police has registered more than 250 illicit carning races in South West Germany.
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The races were less focused on organised events as reflected in the Ministry of Interior’s response to a request from the County's SPD.
In most cases, drivers were spontaneous or tried to escape from the police - this is also showed to be an illegal race.
The corporation will run concerts specifically for German men aged between 18 and 60.
113 Penalties - 15 times detention
Rasters also require cash for a comparatively limited amount of cases: 113 fines have been suspended since 2018, according to the Ministry of the Interior, and 15 unanimity guidelines have been issued.
However, there are no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually is increasing.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than before, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes over the past few years, a minister said.
Tampere has its amportance in the use of sailing sports, while also very comfortable surroundings are really affordable.
Last August, a dozen drivers registered at Kirchheim under dock were caught, but three months earlier there were even 18 drivers at the A8 in Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular race route.
On the A81, the police even register more races than those provided on any other German motorway.
It does so – signaling a speed limit – because it aims to block reactions in the most particularly affecting section between the wild and the historic force.
The most eligible sport and luxury vehicles often have Swiss trademarks, because, because of the heavy penalties for fast driving and authoring races in Italy, drivers are often avoiding grassing in Germany.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
"The obstacle threshold for rasers would be considerably higher if this would not be legal at 200 kilometres a day on the way.
Rivoir is less substantial in information or image campaigns as “If you end up ruling with everything like that, insulting people not only their own lives but also the lives of other road users, will have little cause for reason.”
ADAC calls for increased police involvement
Yet this is not sufficient for ADAC: "We believe that rasers cannot be dissuaded by temporlimits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport Department and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
It is not seldom the high-journey force fair is becoming painful and serious. From January 2011 to April 2020, three people have died at the first races throughout the country, of which two affected a nightly crash in Stuttgart's city
There, two young men were scheduled to submit one highlight in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 more people have been injured during the races of the last two years.
However, Mr Thomas Strobl, Minister for the Interior, believes that more stringent penalties are not necessary: "legislative action to better drive into the penalisation of illegal car sessions is not seen, says the Ministry for the Interior paper.
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger Sprinkler steals beverages from receptilation
Rohrdorf: A man moved into a snab on Thursdays in Rohrdorf (Circle Calw) and stolen beverages and cash.
A witness heard noise in the circular street at 3.40 p.m. and traveled towards the revelation.
He noticed to experienced him a man who used a fridger with beverages and spent the bill in a lift outside the front door.
The perpetrator flew towards the meadows behind the bazaar.
The police force also used the filter at one of the points containing the lowest three digits of cash.
The suspect is described as follows: it is approximately 1.75 to 1.80 metres high and of robust stature.
In fact, he was wearing a black headpullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The police accept further witnesses.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
At the final phase of the 10th Sibiu Tour, radprofessor Pascal Ackermann reached his second title in his day.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
These were the seasonal victories of three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian partner Gregor Mühlberger took hold the overall team.
On top of it, the 26-year-old had decisively adopted a mountain ride in the morning, taking the title in the class.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic," said the 26-year-old.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
Viewers of the start and finish were not allowed.
Leading authority gives instructions for relay reinvigoration
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to the fire brigade, a emergency call was received soon before 13:00.
"Chief output gave instant instructions for load reanimation," a firefighters speaker said on BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took off the revitalization measures little later.
The child living in danger of life was transported to the hospital under rehabilitation.
Why it happened is unclear.
The police have now started routine investigations into the consequence of accidents.
Commissioner: "We expect a tragic accident in the apartment".
Nuremberg: Unauthorised meeting on Tuning – police action, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
At Sunday evening, hundreds of cars and more than 1,000 people took part in a tuning meeting in the parking area of a furniture housing.
Police implemented their announcement to strengthen their control on such events.
On Saturday evening (25th July 2020) a major tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg's South City.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police forces, the Nuremberg Transport Police reported a increase in the volume of vehicles in the underground of a large car park in Ingolstar Straße at 10.30 hrs.
Thereafter the police carried out a wide number of vehicles inspections.
Just recently, the police announced that they want to step up the approach against so-called autoposers.
Illegal Tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the "scene"
The officials were governing a limited area of 700 cars and approximately 1100 staff, the police expects it.
However, only a small share of the participants of the "autoposer" and tuning scene was to be linked to this.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene followed up the demand by the police.
More generally, fleet infrastructure and local spaces are to be built on the basis of vehicles and people on the local borough.
Furthermore, the prevailing share of those that present applied the protection regulations, in particular how to observe the minimum distance and wear a mouth-nose protection.
The monitoring measures that took place on the ground were terminated by 1:00 p.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles needed to be secured.
No authors
There has not been any illegal author race.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schröder of the participating downtown company: "These have all beautiful rims which you must not scratch," Schrödinger said.
For this purpose, special bands would be used.
As the cars are greater, the company must also take care not to cause any damage.
"The young people should finally enjoy their cars without damaging them".
Working Agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that display short-term jobs," said Mr Daniel Terzenbach, who is responsible for the operating business, the Frankfurt Universal Zeitung.
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Usually, the tests last up to three weeks.
"There is not much time available in this hot time.
We will therefore look at the final settlements more precisely.
Certainly, much more will be done.
We are not naïve and have a long breath".
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions involved.
In addition, we use the BA Analysis Software to detect patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn.
"Will there be significantly more insolvencies than last year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The figures remain unappropriate, Terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: The New Garden party disbanded
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The collection was dissolved at 8.48 o'clock by the district drivers of the French Castles & Gardens Foundation (SPSG), submitted their request by PNN German.
Young people would then leave the park.
On Saturday evening a number of young people would have played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared up by riders, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and again illegal parties take place in parks
In the parks of the foundation there are collections which do not comply with the residual and hygiene regulations [covid-19].
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without a Corona regulation, the parks are closed if darkness falls.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has for a long time been complaining that visitors would leave more and more wastes and destroy protected biotopes.
By now, illegal parking parties in Berlin have reached a different dimension.
On noon, some 5000 people were celebrating an illegal Techno Party in the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria : mass tests following Corona outbreak in tourist destination
With hundreds of tests, the authorities responded to a Corona outbreak in the renowned Upper Austria tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
This means that many of the people who are infected are young trainees in tourism enterprises, but at least one tourism guest has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The closed-off time was set at 23 a.m.
"There were calls for cancellation and cancellations" of bookings, said the head of the Tourism Association Wolfgangsee, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Guests arriving in individual cities had to depart early, too.
St. Wolfgang is the most important touristic place of Upper Austria, with over 400,000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season, around a third of guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first infections became public.
The head of the District Authority, Alois Lanz, defended on Saturday the conduct of personnel who were celebrating and who may have invaded these places.
"We all liked this in our youth," he said to the radio station Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness among young people concerning the dangers of Covid-19.
From Saturday, hundreds of workers, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
In addition, all guests who had been in St. Wolfgang from 15 June were contacted.
The outbreak creates memories of the Austrian skiing and party town Ischgl in Tyrol, a center for the Corona spread throughout Europe in the initial phase of the pandemic.
Overall, more than 1500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus.
The main focus on new infections is Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League – Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
The Red Devils secured the third table value in the last Premier League game, incidentally with a 2-:0 (0:0) success directed against Leicester City.
The Foxes are now in need of satisfaction with the Europe League, as the FC Chelsea yet passed and becomes the fourth too to qualify for the Royal Class.
Aston Villa was welcome in the struggle to reverse the descent.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red Card for Leicester City in the poster play-time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached his final stand.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
"That means a lot to me", stated coach Frank Lampard who stands before Arsenal on the final of the FA Cup on his first season as a chelsea coach.
Chelsea’s victory against Wolverhampton also benefited, and Tottenham Hotspur went before the Wolves with a simple 1:1 ignorance (1:0) at Crystal Palace and proves to start in Europe League.
Aston Villa decided, with FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, to compete for class adequacy at West Ham United.
The late demonstrated guidance of Jack Grealish (84.) was followed up with immediate action by Andrej Jarmoleko (85.
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The Club, which ran three trainers during the season, is singling out after five new competition years.
Similar to Bournemouth, who couldn’t rescue themselves from FC Everton’s 3:1 (2:1) team.
In the end, there was one point missing.
The FC Liverpool, which has been an English champion since mid June, secured itself with a model 3:1 (1:1) wins at Newcastle United.
99 meters are the highest standard the Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp, along with a team, missed the point-red cord in English football.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the newcastle thriving in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) took part on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season," Torschütze van Dijk said after the play, "this should encourage us to defend the title.
It will become difficult.”
In the end, the Prime League Bosses are likely to have full satisfaction.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the soccer business in England was suspended from 13 March to 17 June.
Meanwhile, in fact, discussions have even been held about early cancellation or the organisation of the remaining games on a neutral floor.
But the season began to be finished without any significant events – though, as in Germany, without spectators at the stadiums.
Arrests and violence during demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against the head of government Netanyahu are becoming more forceful.
Violent conflicts took place during the night.
The Israeli police took on violent action the night even in Jerusalem against participation in a demonstration against the right-wing Conservative Head of State Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people have been arrested due to participation in unrest, police officer Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to media reports on Saturday night, some 6000 people get together close to Netanyahu's office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, beamed sincerely in horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
The news page "ynet" also reported participants in a counter-demonstration that supported Netanyahu.
People demonstrated at several other places in Israel, including in front of the private villa of leaders of the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man was arrested after a tripulent attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured from the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Lastly, Netanyahu was also criticised for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among others, he was accused of intelligent easings and lack of preparedness for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has had a hard impact on the country's economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter arrives at car - 9 injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - An random accident caused nine light injuries on Saturday afternoon at the B58 of Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
the Police: 'It has likely slowed out the raid because it wanted to take off'.
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He left behind the car and came on.
In the event of this accident, three passengers in the car and six in the transport were slightly injured.
Several rescue cars moved them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border town after the Corona suspicion
North Korea has so far seen a "shining success" in its own security measures to address the coronavirus.
The country is now reporting upon a suspected situation for the first time.
Because of the first official Corona suspect in the country, North Korea has closed off a big city completely out of fear of catastrophe.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defenses in the previous six months, "the malicious virus could have been transported into the country", state media reported.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership called for the highest alarm level.
Should the suspected incident confirm, it will be the first official incident of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to indications, had not until now reported a single infection, describing its defence measures as a 'shining success'.
The data was doubted abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms of disease were detectedwith the "exuberant" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago and now returned to the border.
South Korea initially failed to have assertions about the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely still dismantled military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
This has involved investigations on some people.
Northern Korea, according to its own indications, in connection with the suspected occurrence, called an urgent meeting of the workplace's Politburo under the chairmanship of President Kim Jong Un.
The "hazardous situation in Kaesong could cause a deadly and destructive disaster."
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person concerned, and all people in Kaesong who had contacted them, had been placed under quarantine.
The party’s central military Committee shall therefore investigate the exit and operation of the responsible military forces and, if appropriate, impose hard penalties.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Expectancy ahead of the Council meeting: City East and noise protection are at discussion before the summer break
"In addition to environmental issues, both sides will also vote on the construction plan for the Metropolitan Development province of the East," the committee plans stated in middle-centre position on the urban press release next to public Council session on Tuesday, 28 July at 16.30 pm
Most importantly, the upscaling of the Eastern city will, however, be debated in controversial terms until the end.
The majority in favour is scarcely welcome, in particular in individual committees, too, depending on where they are present.
An appeal from the economy (household, trade, and IT) which emerged from civil society and then developed by the administration and then locality council to not allow a project to fail again after nearly ten years of preparations, Reinhard Klein, critical of
"All think it would be better knowwledge," said small, who has been in the local council for roughly a year as the sole representative of the citizens' list of pforzheim.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The capital's exit will be much cheaper with later subsidies declared by the municipal authorities enforceing the need for Greece to clean up the attracts, for €8.5 million of euros.
The city's development will be very different from that predicted in the City Hall and on the part of the economists.
Specialized in designing the City by setting up its own power and not an investor, this was Plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative approach.
These programs generally include the renewal of the institutions’ technical town hall, the opening of the Castle Street, the rental of the ex-thale for administrative areas and a shorter interior conversion of the city centre, ideally with local ambitioners.
Environmental issues play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will play a crucial role.
The local council will vote on, among other things, the noise action plan.
This includes several measures to protect the Pforzheim population from noise leakages as a result of road transport, many of which involve temporary reductions.
In a press release, the local mobile publications club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, on base that city politicians are not blind to the fact that they have only contributed to a massive increase in car transport and thereby noise by neglecting scheduled bus links and by weak commitment to cycle
The municipality council shall also vote on the participation of the City of Energy and Climate Change Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, the agenda will focus on accession to the Conventional Climate Pact of Baden-Württemberg, reestablishing parent's contributions in the city's daycare facilities and requesting for accession to the framework of the German Smart City Support
Citizens are welcome but need to take into account the Corona protection measures.
Tim Zimmermann is launching the new season with much delay
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
The first tests took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operations.
The primary concern of Zimmermann was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 more closely.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This was now possible under specific conditions of hygiene.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned out its first rounds, covering the essential points of the Lausitz ring and was accustomed to his premiere in the GT3 vehicle.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it really did a lot of fun”.
Zimmermann had a great deal of fun to play part with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car at the GT Masters.
Despite its 25 years experience of GT sport, the Netherlands is able to also serve its new team colleague in many respects.
"I am not a beginner in motor sport but each new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
It is on the stage of Lausitzring that the GT Masters will start their first race.
On the 30th of July the 33 supersport cars will dress out through the Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows the route.
He was last guest in the Motodrom in 2015.
'It worked fast and I needed to get used to the round,' says Zimmermann, who runs for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
“The Lausitzring has many fast passages which one needs to meet in a quick manner."
What happens in two weeks: at this time it will become apparent that Zimmermann really was quick.
"The teams are of course pokering a small amount at the tests," he says.
"Finally, we are very pleased and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring.
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a densely pressed calendar.
Seven races are planned at the beginning of November.
Status of this moment is that no spectators will be permitted - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
UK Transport Secretary of Quarantine decision caught cold
The UK government's decision to put special holidaymakers in a quarantine for two weeks after their return has coldly caught the country's transport minister, according to press reports.
Grant Shapps is on holiday in Spain at the moment, while his colleagues therefore decided to extend the measure on Saturday.
Given the growing Corona figures in Spain, the London cabinet has removed the country from the list of countries where entry without quotas was possible.
The new arrangements will be effective early today, Sunday, so Shapps too will have to return to quarantine once they have returned.
In Austria the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
However, the rule is applied only to those currently on the date of departure, first on Saturday, 1 August, and not overnight.
Spain has so far been considered one of the 'safe countries' in Austria for in which no quarantine is needed.
"Many ministers intended we could have reasonable plans to impose a quarantine for holidaymakers in Spain" state labour reporter Diane Abbot.
"But obviously, no one went to the trouble to tell Grant Shapp’s opinion.
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists are becoming especially responsible for the new rise of nightlife.
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the UK.
The UK Government is currently advising on our failure to travel to mainland Spain, while the Canaries and Balearics are particularly popular among British holidaymakers.
To date in Spain, more than 272,000 infections have been reported with the novel corona virus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hypersound weapon for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These unique weapons in the world would extend Russian maritime forces’ struggle capability, Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central marine parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
Hypersound weapons have in many ways the sound speed of about 343 metres per second.
They are considered as the weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo will continue to be built
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has such a big coastal region as no other country in the world.
For 300 years the navy has been reliably protecting Russia, saying Putin during Matrosen’s nationally celebrated day.
Even in many other Russian shores, the naval forces led parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reach Texas: Corona makes help more difficult
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott called out a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-gressed Corona pandemic is making work harder for helpers, says Abbott, according to the US media.
Call for caution
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," Abbott said in the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
When confronted with an hurricane in Texas, he added: "This challenge is complicated and it is exacerbated, given that it swept by a territory that is the most afflicted area of the state in Covid-19.".
According to the Johns Hopkins university, some 5,000 people have died so far in Texas alone, following the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who were forced to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It was important that everyone kept distance.
That is why, in some places, hotel rooms had also been made available.
In addition, an emergency housing scheme could be tested in Corona.
The damages initially had only been reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning Returned
According to governmental information on Padre Island, it was located on shore of a country bordering the Texan coast with wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour.
Indeed, a tropical storm had previously been raised to Hurricane the lowest level one.
For the coast section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first provided and was subsequently taken back.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" then moved further inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
“Douglas” moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to weaken further.
According to the projections, it was scheduled on Sunday (in local terms) for conditional visit to Hawaii's largest islands - these are then above-the-hurricane.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Given available climate data and the higher air-temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season is as low as 30% – a below average 10% reasoned at the time.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his administration closely monitors the storms and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates missed: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic have been two others dismissed
Naples - Four doors to dawn, four gates missed: Sassuolo Calcio had a black evening with the SSC Naples in the Italian football league series A: the point was very near and fairly too calm in the videos
"A festival never given gates for Sassuolo.
Never before the VAR used such tough work against a team," commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples was led by a gate of external defence Unit Elseid Hezaj at the 8th minute, Filip Djuricc that first embraced the settlement in the 32nd minute.
The video assistant referee (VAR) rejected the hit due to a sensitive position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot a ball again - the VAR activated yet again.
The referee team returned after the guidance of the VAR had also been noted, along with the gates of attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.
In a retrospective period, Allan has set the 2:0 final for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfectly.
“The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a bikes trap on the street and penalises Sassuolo like no previous team.
The new technology generates records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard infringes
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a short holidays and days of training and hopefully good, Hansi Flick must continue going beyond the establishment of its first team training to consider how he can redesign his successful defence following the injury of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The Frenchman who has the third most Member Points of Operation after Captain Manuel Neuer and Chairman Joshua Kimmich suffered a denial on the left as well as being affected by the critical king class duels.
In Munich's bad weather, the right-hand defender eroded a course and asked for a golf card.
How long will the unstrained tribal player go in the struggle for title is open.
The final return to the FC Chelsea on 8 August should see a difficult one, as the 24-year-old can expect from the final tournament, that will be under way on 12 August.
The Bavarians would not want to be halted by the responsibility of the training on Sunday.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
His winning title team should show the quality, intensity and concentration of the initial international competition in Germany 28 days 27 August, to make the initial game enjoyable.
"We just mastered our duties with championships and games perfectly.
Well, we need to create something special now", said Flick.
However, for the final against FC Chelsea, Munich will have the opportunity to deal with some of the details of their final tournaments, rather than a training camp held in the Algarve.
After the 3:0 stem before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"We must first go through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and create confidence for a good game,” Flick said.
A test for consensus will appear on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long answer Flick had been awarding the stars in an unique Olympo in August; after having spent 13 days vacation.
31 players welcomed him on Sabener Straße, including the new players for neighborhood acquisition they seek, Leroy Sané, who for the first time meets another colleague following his interim change in Manchester City.
"Leroy, like every new one, has fit neatly", reported Flick.
But, rather than talking about the new season if Sané & Co. were no longer supposed to start playing, Flick preferred to talk about the German series champion's current title project.
After days of actioning intended for individual and small groups, team training is now being followed for those in London who, unlike the Flick Ensemble, are working or graduating.
As such, Munich may start a quarter final against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, in the semi-final you will find real Madrid, Manchester City, or Juventus Turin potential enders.
A road up to the finale in Lisbon 'isn't so easy', stressed the Chief Coach, who, from Tuesday, can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training.
The Record Organizer Klose and Flick know that very many univened tournament preparations are specifically needed for the bet-to-100 commitment.
With his current team program, the work was "a pleasure", we appreciated Flick.
The 'focus on winnings' is an important contribution of the team.
During a tournament with nine-teams on Sunday, this was sometimes very ambitious.
People are each involved, including the departing With biased Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the Royal Class Season is not secured.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to bolster our world champion
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
However, all the American races were cancelled.
Racing calendar becomes more concrete
The race calendar for the present Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
By October we intend to run at the Nürburgring in Germany and at Portimão in Portugal.
In November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. are fighting for World Championship levels on the Italian traditional race headquarter at Imola.
With that, in turn the race calendar of 2020 comprises 13 different runs.
"We are pleased that we are continuing to make significant progress in completing our 2020 plans," said Formula 1-Boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
The Formula One plans to complete a season in Asia.
The final racing calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Prior to the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports suggest that there may still be performances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
Regularly, there will be races on three continents
The Rules of the Formula 1 require at least races across three continents for the programming of the World Cup.
Even though, as is now anticipated, there is only to be a World Masters in two continents.
The FIA will apply a special rule to award the titles on the basis of the "exceptional circumstances" concerning the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled as a result of the recent corona crisis.
A return to the continent later this year is not an issue.
Moreover, the Formula One will not be in America this year.
Rejection in Brazil indicates criticism
Due to the tense corona situation, races will not take place in Canada, the USA, Mexico, and Brazil.
"We look forward to be with them again in the next season", said Carey.
The American races have returned to criticism especially in Brazil: "The cancellation did not come as a surprise for us, but it was unacceptable for the reasons it was", said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand
And for example, the numbers of infections in São Paulo are substantially lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We need to be prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Misery against Donald Trump went out Around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest at Stephen Colbert’s well known Latenight Show by video schedule and briefed in interview on some of her interests at their meeting with Donald Trump.
Climate civistGreta Thunberg was guest in a popular US-latenight show by video switch.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
The teenager was also talking about her famous "evil look" when she met Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the last two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has emphasised her tireless commitment to the "Fridays for Future" movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunbergs in your show on Tuesday and had a larger interview with the Swedish.
She talked not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
"There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to move the focus away from the climate crisis," she shocked.
"All this from organized hate campaigns to threats simply because a group of kids comes to the streets".
Heads of State and leaders in Social Media profoundly question or are even being attempting to silence them, find them fun for showing the reactions, "because they have no other answer to it".
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
From the short clip, a GIF – an animated picture – ended up turning into one of the most frequently used images for Trump opponents.
But what did 17-year olds think at that moment about the US president?
To the relatively distinguished question presented by Stephen Colbert, she was very brief in response: 'To be frank, I do not think that needs any further explanation'.
This kind of sensatory answer was probably not expected, while the eagerly experienced hailior surgeon colbert quickly shanded out of the image.
Through her “How dare you?” speech on the representative principles of climate change, she remained remembered at the Climate Conference.
Ex-Dortmund Real Estate with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile will play alongside Bavaria's Robert Lewandowski in the race around Europe's Golden Shoe.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming a treasure king in the Italian football cup.
The former BVB professional contributed three hits during Lazio Rome's 5:1 victory on Hellas Verona, under two modelling elephants he himself sang during the periods of both races.
As a result, he will win 34 of these operas prior to complete the upcoming quarter for two season plays - the same amount of Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern München  Finland earned during its previous big season.
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo followed with over 30 gates, the Portuguese superstar met with the top runner in the evening Sampdoria Genova.
Fleetwood Mac Co-founder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
Now, the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He had died peacefully at the age of 73 and told family members on Saturday in official remark that a further opinion would be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a “monumental loss” for all of the former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had created the legendary band of 1967 in Londona and still today his dreamed instrumental hit "Albatross" is unforgotten.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green had a rapid advance with Fleetwood Mac, but acknowledged their high successes without him.
One of the main challenges was that Green wanted to donate all the Group's profits to charitable ends.
He began to appear in large grades and with a beautiful crucifix.
Mental problems are also supposed to have played a role.
Three years after its founding, Green left the band in 1970.
This was followed by a social decline.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, like biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatry for a long time.
During many years of the 1970s the musicians disappeared from the imagery.
He is to have lived on the streets at times, worked as a graveyard gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family, in the London quarter of Bethnal Green.
Since then, he has been thrilled by both the British/American blues musicians like B. King, and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years of age, he learned the first guitar strikes.
At the age of 15, the teenager started to play professional guitar and gained five years later the chance to be taking part in stage guitar in the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
A little later, he became involved in the blues breakers to suit the idol of Eric Clapton.
Founded in the middle of the Blues boom in the summer of 1967, Green created Fleetwood Mac, together with that of his bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Green's song "Albatross" awarded according to the group the first number one hit in winter 1968/69 and classified the group to the top of the British music scene.
The speedy rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not take over the media and his experiments with the drug LSD are becoming more and more extreme.
He commented later on his interview on the life between music and addiction, "the worst things I have seen are the drugs - the best thing to catch a number-1 hit".
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Now, Fleetwood Mac is waming in rapid success on its own in a new formation.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite several little solo successes, Green won’t make any larger comeback until he returned to coming into the record in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians.
At the time, the British 'Daily Telegraph' mentioned having a rockstar returned to the earth.
Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group free of drugs until the band was disappearing in 2004.
He had been a blues legend for musical experts and with his gentle sound he was one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
