Bikers react rapidly and prevent worse
Sunday evening, a traffic accident took place on the Landstrasse, between Michelsheim and Merklingen, in which a motorcycle driver was lightly injured, thanks to his fast response.
Driver overlooks Biker
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
In this case she oversaw the 24-year-old authorised motorcyclist coming from Nellingen.
Hand and foot brake levers fly to the collision
The bikers still tried to avoid racing, they were struggling at the rear range of vehicles.
As a result of the reinforcement, the team’s snapshots and foot brake levers were comnged and the drivers in the Royal Palace were no longer able to brake.
He directed his motorcycle in the green strips alongside the railway, leaving it moved around with no traffic loss.
Bikers suffer injury
However, the visitor suffered helpless injuries due to a crash of his car, in which he had to be treated in clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 helpers infected
Following a porona-mass infection at a large vegetable farm in the Bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and cannot leave the housing.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest helpers have been positively tested for the Corona AG Sars-COV-2, as reported by the State Sectoral Office of Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening.
"Unfortunately, in order to avoid further spread, we must take this step to protect people," says Landrat Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Before this, the plant had already infected seven people - this was the reason for the series test.
The resort offers a large vegetable farm, producing select sorts of strawberries, cucumbers and cold and red beads – but only beans for insulation vessels.
The village of Mamming is a rural district with 3300 inhabitants. It lies close to Dingolfing, with his large modern BMW factory.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to maintain calm: "We understand that this is a closed consortium of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD shared responsibility for the State Government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of housing of seasonal workers.
"This can just be a bitter argument if such local infection continue to occur and regional lockdowns have to be ordered" said Jürgen Mistol, a Green Parliamentary Director.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"Our understanding is that it is the hygiene requirements at work and conditions within the area of housing that need to be closely monitored.
This has obviously not happened".
The outbreak had come "with an annoyance".
Aidenbachstraße subway station: Dangerous dispute: 19 years olds fall into the railroad after Schubser
During a dispute between two young groups at the Aidienbachstrasse underground station, a 19-year old dropped in a drive and slipped into a rackway.
Obersendling - On Friday theTube station Aidenbachstraße roted up a dispute between two youth groups to 16.15 a.m.
One passant alarmed the police, which encountered multiple stripes.
Initial investigations identified a Munich (17) who pushed a 19-year-old up standing ground.
The young man slipped over the railway tracks, and fell into the barbed.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no risk resulting from an introductive railway.
As the police reported, there were conflicts again between the two.
The 17-year-old originally fled from the place of fact, but his muster could be identified afterwards.
He accompanied his father to the police inspection detail for 29.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges longer retention of data
Data retention is currently under suspension.
Federal Minister for the Interior, Holst Seehofer, however, is calling for an extension of the storage period after a media report.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister Horst Seehofer (CSU) is calling for an extended data retention for the media report – as opposed to the planned ten weeks until half of a year.
As the "image on Sunday" reports, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambecht (SPD) requested a quick change in the law.
Seehofer therefore wants to reinforce measures against child abuse.
It is useful to establish urgently needed adjustments in the law as soon as possible", quotes the newspaper in the letter.
At present, data retention is suspended.
A European Court of Justice decision on this is expected.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesperson of the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it was only possible for there to be proper legal adjustments if the courts had taken decisions.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, along with the country’s Home Affairs Ministers, even decided to express a support for data retention in June.
NBA: Clippers Star Lou Williams club annoyance
Exciting action in the NBA!
Louis Williams (33), the basketball professor of Los Angeles Clippers, is expected to leave the tournament district at Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permit for burial.
Also, according to the US media reports, he attended the dedicated smartingclub "Magic City" in Atlanta.
Williams, who had acknowledged that job according to ESPN claims, returned to Iceland, is tested daily on covid-19.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
This means that the Clippers star misses the first two official parts at the trial stage onwards.
In Disney World, the NBA prepared to finish the Corona season.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing training in the season Final starting over the night on Friday.
Söder expresses a stance on the Corona situation following mass infection
Munich – Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive on Sunday for large farms.
The press conference will appear live on our website.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has shocked the authorities and the politicians.
The big vegetable farm currently employs almost 500 harvest helpers from several nations and more than one third has infected with the Corona pathogen.
In the meantime the yard has been under quarantine and is closed with a construction fence .
Nobody can leave the area, food is supplied.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As harvest workers had little contact with the local population, the Board of Regions presumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Consciences": confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
"My client has been cooperative," said the lawyer, Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: 'He deeply regrets deeds and the confession was a liberation for him.
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the event of a conviction, according to the public prosecutor, a man threatens ten years of prison and a fine of EUR 150,000.
The Gothical Cathedral of Saint Peter and Paul in Nantes was seriously damaged by a fire last night on Saturday.
The fire had broken out at three away places in the church.
Laboratory investigations had maintained suspicion of fire foundation.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
However, after one day, he was released again.
The man works as a volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for closing the Cathedral on the eve of the widening fire.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolishing the 50+1 rule
Former DFB president Reinhard Grindel has recommended to consider abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"Deutsche football should at least discuss conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission sets its facts as a reality", said Grindel of the "image on Sunday".
He underlined: 'For clubs which may be most dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 provisions certainly do not work: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
We are not, therefore, dealing at the debate on whether it is imperative to facilitate the involvement of investors by associations that wish to break into this phalanx?
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a legal risk to apply an investment fence to the Bundesliga economic site in a single European market", said Grindel.
The former DFB Boss contests the risk that when "seeking to improve the competition balance within the League in Berlin, certain attempts of the Bundesliga will only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European
Even an equal distribution of TV money will not bring a decisive effect.
"The FC Bayern is making a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of EUR 500 million, and RBE Leipzig of 300 million.
The differences between the first three clubs alone are immense.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million”, said the 58-year-old.
With a view to the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there were people who noticed these errors and passed this mistake to the press, instead of asking to do it," says Grindel about the adoption of an expensive clock which led to his resignation in April 2019.
"That worried me greatly in human terms".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences from it," said Mr Grindel.
“With the ominous present, I have managed to cope entirely undisturbedly and transparently.
Many people in the DFB knew about this.'
He never "made a novel from the present", said the 58-year-old.
"People may call it naïve; in any event, this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": Wounded and a death
Protests against police force across the United States have blown up again by Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and the police in various cities.
There were three people injured in Louisville and 16 people arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shots, while a demonstration just crossed a crossroad.
Previously, in Portland, there were conflicts again during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including federal police officers, used tear gas on Saturday and disrupted contact with demonstrators.
Hundreds of, partly armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and demanded that the rulers responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor to be held accountable.
The 26-year-old student was shot during the drug razzia in her home in Louisville in March.
The object of the Razzia was somebody else who was not there, and no drug was found by themselves.
When on Saturday a member of a group that called itself an armed alliance of black Americans gave a shoot, three were injured.
According to the newspaper NBC, they were brought to the hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
At the end of the day there were no meetings between two groups.
In Spanish Austin, a person was shot and died during a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration.
The police held a suspect in contention according to their own information.
So far, it did not provide further details on the circumstances.
Mayor Steve Adler said, based along the New York Times, that he is, like many residents, "unstinute and confounded" for what has happened.
In the US metropolis of Seattle, demonstrators found partnerships with the police on Saturday.
They burned builders in front of a youth prison, police used blanded granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
In the municipality Oakland in California a court building is on fire.
A small group of demonstrators launched windows, fireworks shot and police officials branded with lasers, informed Oakland's police at the late Saturday night (local time).
The fire could be erased quickly again.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car carried out crowds demonstrating in a highway.
As the police informed, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was taken to hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes despite Corona
Although there was no space in the spa town, tourists and artists enjoyed the Racoczy flare of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, actors, and organizers: the Rakoczy weekend, without Rakoczy festival.
But, even if the big party mile in the city center was missing, crowds and highlights such as the "room burn, the rakoczy ball, or the frontier, many wondered about the alternative tour complying
"I think we managed to spread Rakoczy flair", said curatorary director Sylvie Thormann.
Staff at the reception were very helpful.
From principle, they return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival, where, the historians were the sole focus of the festival.
Enjoyable atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
This is the case this time in the Corona year.
The couple made it comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watching the historical passages and listening to Cuba’s pometry at the casino restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
They are missing the masses of people that are otherwise part of Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"That is a pity.
The weather would have been much better this year," she says.
Rakoczy Race tournament will take place again
The alternative programme in turn meant more work for the performers of the historical heritage guests.
For children and adults, we think that good care is an important proposition both together.
This year she was walking the town on Saturday and Sunday in Kostum.
"That is already more demanding, otherwise we have it easier," she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
"We set our hopes that the riding squadrille will take place in the coming year again," said Ulrike Waldhofen, chairman.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 Corona cases in Spain’s Fuenlabrada
Spain's second serious professional football champion CF Fuenlabrada is even sliding deeper into crisis as a result of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomers of the European Corona crisis started to go to A Coruña on July 20, the culmination was followed by the next argument.
By Sunday 28 players or team members had been tested positively, one went to hospital, as the club told.
Fuenlabada from the city southwest of Madrid has currently had the chance to reach the upkeep playoffs.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
Last Monday, the game against Deportivo La Coruña was cancelled at the last moment, the Public Prosecutor investigates with a possible offence against civil health, the supreme sport authority CSD being considering the
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Another problem is food.
Neither is it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation that he had caused intentional threat to public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
Prior to departure, there were four people who became affected by 19 July, but who were all isolated, not coming forward.
All players and team members became again tested right before the flight on Monday to A Coruña.
Although the group were already in A Coruña, there was positive performance for the Corona test at Five or Six other teams.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attack, Tebas Llanas said.
Police have to capture diseased horses out of steambox
Two animals were on the road.
The police brought them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6am, a train operator reported two horses to the terrain between the starting point Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the theres motorway line.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
After the number of vehicles had gathered the climbers' trust shortly before the steam wheel passed on, they might remove a rope carriage.
Professional Tony Martin: career continuation imagineable
Time travel specialist Tony Martin thinks about a continuation of his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven time biking World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sports career.
"I am working now with the team on the preparing conditions for how and in how it might continue," said the 35-year-old of the Frankfurt General Sunday Newspaper.
Martin currently worked with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the Corona break, had thought to finish his careers after this year.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of action days, he said.
Or other problems that would beset him as a family father said Martin.
In the past he stood up after Fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back again to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would be if?”
A cycling player recognised that there were aspects that he is seeing increasingly difficult with.
"But it was good to remember from Corona's time what I want to be in cycling and how much fun it will do me".
The time specialist will return to the competition during the Tour de l'Ain (Austria – 5th - 9th of August).
Bavaria: At least four minimum deaths on Bavaria’s roads in the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts Bikers to the streets in many places.
For at least three people the motorcycle trip ends deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies as well.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several, mostly young people died in the weekend.
The eighteen-year-old motorcycle driver was captured jointly by a motorcycle that came in visitors' lane side by the city of Schönthal (Cham district) at Saturday.
It was unclear why the car came to the unprotection track.
A 22 year old male meeted at Oberbaviern on Saturday with a horse coach.
According to the police, he moved down the way.
In a left curve he pulled against the cup.
His injuries were so serious that he died at the place of accident.
Of the twelve people in the cargue the woman was badly injured, and a man had slightly been injured, as the police told.
Another fatal accident killed an 18-year-old in Upperpfalze Bad Kötzting.
He settled on a street throughout the night on Sunday and was overpowered by a 42-year-old car-driver.
As the police predicted, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer slow down in time.
At Schönberg (local venue Freyung-Grafenau), another 57 years old biker was pitting forward against a car on Saturday despite full braking.
He died at the place of the accident.
The 57-year-old driver has suffered a shock, and the remaining three people in the car remained injured.
The safety of motorcyclists was addressed byBavaria's Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU) on Saturday.
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a lot for motorcyclists' safety in recent years", said the letter.
"The number of motorised bikers killed decreased by approximately 28% compared with 2011."
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) Today the campus is one of the most successful on technological terms in the world.
The Eight-time French master will be welcomed on 6 August (18.00 pm) at Hessen, the former Croatian club.
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, every encounter will be held without a viewer.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends", said Kovac.
In a sporty case it was a kind of interesting test, the 48-year-old says.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian had followed the Croatian authority under the effort.
In March the Frankfurtster had lost the eighth final action against Basel in their stadium at 0:3.
Almost 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof close to Lockdown
In the district of Hof the weekend the number of well-known new infections at Corona was further increased: from 39 on Friday and 43 Saturday (one person is designated and no longer in the listing) every sunday
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
This provides the Hof region with the crisis mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in a week.
700 deaths from monsooning in South East Asia
More than 9 million people are affected by the major flooding events in Southeast Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is striving to reach the isolated people.
The entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their crops.
Pancards in National Park die as a result of landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 armoured raiders died by landslides.
They are protected and considered as at risk of extinction.
This year, the floods are particularly bad, which reminds scientists of climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh, the state has built apartments for 650 displaced persons through flooding.
Until now, only a few persons have collected.
It is difficult to get the people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm abounds in Breneden.
For those of you who used to have homes, it was small and sophisticated to a lodge, often they don't want to spend a share of their lives in a large living block.
Many apartments are empty, but - is what the government wants - should soon be occupied by those who lost their house as a result of these flooding.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
In the 24-hour comparison, 60 new corona infections were notified in Vienna, and 22 new infections were reported in Lower Austria.
The Vienna regional directorate and the Medical Crisis Center mean that the update in the urban area of Vienna is regularly updated on the current figures and further details of the Covid-19 virus: at Sunday 26 July 2020, 8:00 a.m. in Wien 4.8
The number of deaths related to the virus remains unchanged in 1994.
4.090 (+48) persons are identified.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased on Sunday by 22 to now 3 288.
A patient, according to the safety staff, is regenerating.
This increases the number of genes to 2,936.
Currently patients suffering from Covid-19 in Germany were 247 patients.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ offer
The new requirements could not be fulfilled, the Minister of economics in Buenos Aires announced on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair", said an opinion.
"Whilst 50% of the children live in poverty in Argentina, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits".
The debts of the second largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable in current conditions.
That is why Argentina calls on its private creditors to renounce some of their demands of about USD 66 billion (around 59 billion euros).
If there is no agreement, the country will once again be in danger of default.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina's history.
The lenders have recently called for higher interest rates on government debt and a change in certain contract terms.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis.
The latest inflation rate was more than 50%.
Experts expect a decrease in economic power of approximately 10 percent for this year.
By the end of May, Argentina had not paid interest claims from USD 503 million and slipped into a limited default.
Access to the workforce - not yet private
"It's working supergood" - this conclusion pulls Dr Stefanie Kramer to the Eggenfelden Notariat after her first days.
At the end, everything went quickly: In mid may, Dr. Stefanie Kramer discovered that she would lead the succession of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelder Notary Department.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
However, “I still have to arrive in private,” she explains in conversation with the Rottal scoreboard and laughs.
Of course, the brief lead-up time was not enough to completely move Regensburg’s food point to Eggenfelder, where of course, the native Dingolfinger reports.
Now, with her husband who has worked in Regensburg as a judge on the land court, she is looking for a suitable flat or house in the city.
At least her son was able to request parental leave in the short term to guarantee the necessary care for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In October 2003, AFI brought the increased focus on infrastructure for researchers, welfare, and energy concerns.
Of course, the city of Eggenfelden has been growing up in the nearby area.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
They were even more pleased that they had made the race in the competition for 'a vacant place' .
Their home country in Lower Bavaria plays an essential role too in Dr Stefanie Kramer’s professional career: after a course school in Passau she held her referenda term and the second audience in Regensburg.
After several notary trading stations such as Reachau and Hof in Oberfranzen, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu, and Regensburg - during that period she took the prestigious positions in Labor Law at a "in-depth and elementary level" - she launched in 2012 as a Notar
In 2016 she went into parental leave, following finally a move to Regensburg.
Since then, she has taken over representation services at various notaries.
When the post in Eggenfelden was directed at the close future retirement of Lutz Feller she seen time for full vocational reintroduction, the 39 year olds stated.
Our predecessor, who leads the position on a future holiday meeting at their notary offices, has been fully adopted by Dr Stefanie Kramer, and has to praise the team of the office: "it is going super good!"
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund The biggest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be 20 percent at the end of a season in the event of a fan return.
Given the obligatory regulation of performance, we plan to make the transition between 12,000 and 15000 spectators at this stage", said Borussia Dortmund’s Government Director, Carsten Cramer,
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
In the ghost matches of the last season caused by the Corona pandemic, the BVB had lost approximately EUR 4 million at the end of each match.
The Cramer responsible at the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation asks that alongside normal viewing sites some 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again: “It's a blow involving the collapse of sales and revenue.
Given the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone "would be well advised to take a stable long stand."
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
Dortmund Marketing’s leader praised the interests of BVB professionals for their salary reduction which is supposed to help end the crisis: "Of course, they know that their waiver has a different effect than if we set 100 people working in merchandising to marginalized work".
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly worse than a packer of butter, just three keeps of adult blood in his whole body: that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 gramms.
The Bub is one of some 400 breakfasts, which is provided annually at the Graz children’s clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so small and at such an early age that no lung, intestine, or muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny, that at times they often wear doll clothes and mini-winds specially produced for them.
But not so small that they wouldn’t be with a voice - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger shocks.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When The Whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona theater football in classrooms: the Whiteboard as a stage where they enjoy the ninth classes in the St. Jacobus Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd just before the fair.
Actress Julia Sylvester of the theatre of Aalen presented to the pupils the production «The Home Cloth» on video.
As a result, students were able to exchange ideas and experiences with the actress and director Winfried Tobias by Skype.
The ideas for the performances format from the present Corona situation were born.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
"If we continue improving the technological aspect, this could be an interesting addition to the play," said director Winfried Tobias.
launching first round: The TSV 1860 would meet in Frankfurt’s DFB pokal
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
The event included this on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible rivals in the first round of the DFB Cup are set.
The Lions would meet on the Frankfurt track if they were successfully qualified.
This was shown on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Since the field is still not fully explored for the Corona pandemic, members of the group required the appropriate placement offer.
Because of the rolling down of semi-final opponents FC Membingen, the TSV 1860 remains in the final of the Bavarian Toto Cup (September 4 or 5th).
In this area the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoriaschaffenburg.
If the two league operators reached Würzburg, the school would already have fixed qualifications to prepare for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesinger would end up forced to drive against regionalist Aschaffenburg.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
"Follows Wind": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and the Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday at 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesman in the German press agency.
He was well known for his role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern government, "Beware of Winds" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in role of the Hermia von Shakespeare’s "Summer nights dream".
The film studio Warner Brothers contracted her just for seven years and brought her outsized covers with Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she played with the heartbreaker.
She won her first colossal Oscar in 1946 in musical work in the main role of "To Each His Own".
The film was released in Germany under the title "Mother’s Heart".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her executive role in the filming "My Cousine Rachel" for the first time in 1952.
The piece has become a global success.
Along with her long-established friend Bette Davis, she has played in "Wienlied für eine beruhache".
From his marriage with a writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 until 1953) the son Benjamin was born.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke.
Rumours about an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss finals at Comeback
The participants of Julius Tole and Clemens Wicker missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament "Road to Timmendorf".
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf, they underwent their national team colleagues Niles Ehlers and Lars flights with 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
In September of last year Thole/Wickler had finally played at the World Tour Final in Rome.
Following the end game in the runway of the Rhine, the Bezwinger Group could have defeated the surprise team Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with their vote of 00::2 (17:21, 17:21).
Besides the show tour, three starting points for the German championships were played in Timmendorfer Beach in early September. These tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/ Richard Peemüller and Simon
AfD calbit dipersion confirmed - FDP referred to a "Fig Show"
According to the FDP, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a “Fig leaf” and changes nothing according to the party's character.
'The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the extreme right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AFD", said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several more hours of negotiation, the federal court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz, which the Austrian Federal Executive Board rejected by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AFD Group in the Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD is really about rigorously withdrawing right-wing extremists from its party, officials such as Björn Höcke and his supporters would have long been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to achieve this because the right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Similarly, CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said: «That Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing new and never changes everything» he said to the 'World on Sunday.
"It best speaks volumes, as many frenetic supporters still have right-wing extremists in the middle of AfD".
Flower believes that the AfD will go to below five percent in election in the future.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted”.
Kalbitz was one of the told prayer leaders of the predominantly de-solved " wing" around the Thuringian AfD country and political party chair Björn Höcke. The Constitutional Protection classified the confusion as "the secure extremist ambition for a right.
In May, the AfD Federal Executive Board released Kalbitz from its party.
He stated that Kalbitz has not stated earlier membership in the now proven false right-wing German youth (HDJ) and in Republicans when he entered the party.
Kalbitz disputes membership of the HDJ .
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains an extreme right-wing party, whether with or without calbeit,"
This decision will neither weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
"The manoeuvre of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
The goal being to avoid a further observation of the constitutional system and seek to get under the radar," said Walter.
"The AfD will not loose the spirits it called.
An expulsion does not change anything in this respect.” declared the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburger SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"It is in that context that the AfD country association and the Group have thus to date held their right leader".
The legal dispute on Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
He announced on Saturday that he intends to set a civil liability action against the decisions of the Federal High Court.
North Sea wind farms deliver about 21% more electricity
During the first six months of the year, wind-power plants on the German North Sea have popped 11.51 terawatts of electricity in the grid.
This was roughly 21 percent more than in the same period that followed last year, members of the Network operator Tennet in Bayreuth notified.
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and for forwarding it through the German electricity grid.
Wind system in the Baltic Sea, which is not part of Tennet's network, has fed another 2.22 Terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity.
In total, wind flows from the North and the Baltic region come to 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms increase production capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy is the result in higher production capacities, as new wind farms have entered the new area over the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind power stations in the North Sea were all in full operation at the same time, they could produce physically 6.7 gigawatts.
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this, at 7.1 gigawatts, according to the Tennet.
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea by 2030.
"In Germany and the Netherlands we have up to now invested 20 billion euros in improving offshore networks," said Tennnet Executive Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind plants cannot reap maximum capacity at sea, but they account for about 40%.
The record day of this year is January 2, when North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, the North Sea windworks produce up to 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt electricity equal to three to four nuclear plants.
This could provide electricity to almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
annual birthday of GIMP Kunstverein: the "Skirmish" exhibition opening with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold jumping down the usual margins after the Corona break.
Many more artists than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the art association; Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Kornhausplatz.
Today an association called Sandtogether came out in the north of the gallery.
Freital: Winds Mountain festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day celebration planned in September.
In other years more than 30,000 people visited this public festival.
“We really have not made that decision easy and we’ve been hoping - conscious of how difficult economically it faces the parties - to the last minute,” said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partiseless).
“But in the end we are responsible here as organisers for the health of many thousand people”.
The fact is that if tens of thousands were included on the contingency and the adjacents, minimum distances, hygiene and follow-up found in the Consumer Protection Regulation could not have been met.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring burden would rise disproportionately.
Rumberg returned on the matter ahead of the next year.
The city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, with the Winter Mountain Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 as well as the day of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth of Achleiten to fail
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51-year olds from Rhineberg came to four wins on the weekend at four starts.
After segeting the Grand Prix at Eissand, Quantiz gained a great prize for her job. He was again ahead of the Grand Prix Special and received the rewards on Sundays.
Seven years later, he strongly fought on the basis of condensive coupled activities under the one hand, thereby optimizing Europe’s existing insights into the eyes of the Icelandic “town.” .
On Saturday at Quantaz, Germans were also clearly present in the term the pre-1930-long-lived student Victoria Maxim-Theur.
-The winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressage dress rider of the world will establish the 10-year restrictions with the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first winning.
Already during the first celebration in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important tests.
The last of the three international sports tournaments has been planned for 14 and 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
Wormser Hochschule is undergoing further input: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" creates a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
A contract between the higher education institution and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The agreement was first concluded for three years and starts in 2021.
Professor supports the initiation of study not only in summer tests but also during the winter semester.
This will enable twice as many students to receive training as up to now.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will provide advice to the university during the creation and the establishment of the professorship.
Representing at the University since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019, the first university-based students have been training for air traffic management at the University of Worms for their transport employment.
Nine students started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS is very positive, and the student performance is excellent.
The combination of studies and pilot training is a major contribution to further enhancing the competitiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we firmly expect air transport to recover and grow again over the long term.
In order to fulfil our obligation in the future we need highly qualified staff.” says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman of the DFS at the signing of the contract.
“This foundation professorship will be a sustainable investment for the DFS - which will enable air traffic controllers to develop within a broad knowledgebased technical framework.
We therefore continue co-operating goodly with this young university while enhancing our attractiveness as an employer.”
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
We want to update our existing cooperation with DFS Deutschen Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual Bachelor course Air Traffic Management".
The trust of German Air Safety was both the motivation and formal reserve of the Worlds amateur University, to further develop its educational and research skills in the fields of air transport in the future.
Being agent of tomorrow's flight controllers, the college, with its first foundation professor, can place some very special highlights and innovative focuses for their students for a dual course of study.
Dr Denis Alt, The Secretary of State at the Ministry of Science, Continuing Further Development and Culture emphasizes: "The University of Worms, with its focus on air transport, has an exclusive position throughout the Rhineland-Palatinate region
Today's signature of the cooperation agreement will strengthen the profile of the university".
Rescue helicopter land on the A45
A45 motorway was mostly closed since safety helicopters were used after a traffic accident in Aschaffenburg on Saturday morning.
At the Autobahn exit Alzenau in Mitte, a 76-year-old turned straight in the curve with a Ford about 12.40 p.m. and landed on the maiden platform.
The front airbags sparked off as a result of the accident, including light injuries in the face. The driver had to be brought into hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72–year-old Christopher have been provided with national aid from the entire staff, and the patient has flyed to hospital for the rescue.
At the moment, however, police presume that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of approximately EUR 2000, had to be pulled down.
Health wants to inspect other sectors in the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation to light again in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is coming soon.
But are they right - and will this remain?
German Minister for Employment, Hubertus Heil (SPD), is planning to examine the various sectors under the meat industry's strict rules currently being in place.
"We'll check other industry sectors and then take appropriate steps when it is needed," said the Heil of the Deutsche Press Agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
After the massive Corona eruption of Mount Tönnie in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Cabinet intends to adopt a legislative firm for neutral healing this Wednesday.
Big slaughter organisations would no longer be authorized to employ foreign staff in slaughter, dismantling or meat processing.
This would prohibit the use of work contracts as well as temporary workers there.
Employer President Ingo Kramer stated: "Finger away from an emerging branch restriction on worker contracts and workers' status, if you do not want to totally distract the economy".
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"The mistakes of individuals cannot destroy such an important tool."
“My aim is not to ban work contracts anywhere in the German economy.”
Working contracts make sense.
"When an industrial company asks a craftsman to install a safety system this's a very normal contract for works."
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and temporary work to be unconstitutional for their sector alone.
It should not be explained why more labour law might apply in porting and packaging cheese than in sausages, says an opinion on the legislative project, signed by the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung (Saturday).
As a result, if a ban were executed, consumer prices would rise by 10 to 20% per kilo and product.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
They often had no break.
Pay has been retained for protective equipment or rent.
It is also stated that the situation in accommodation for employees has often been imperfect.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
However, the "tricky designs" had circumvented these textures.
'That now has to be fundamentally cleared up'.
The politician indicated: "The Labour Protection Act that we want to present at the cabinet at the end of July also concerns measures which concern not just the meat industry - for example, higher inspection rates for work protection or clear criteria for
The draft below contains amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat industry and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg's Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers that more detailed controls are required.
"I am hoping that we can make even larger controls for many areas of surveillance: food controls, animal welfare and all sorts possible, including animal transport" said Nonnemacher at the RBB "Brandenburg topical day on Sunday".
But more staff is needed to improve controls.
Three deaths in Germany when an ultra-light aircraft crashes
In 2008, when an ultralight plane crashed onto a multi-family house in Wesel in the German second quarter of North Rhine-Westphalia, three people died due to the police data.
One child had been slightly injured.
Two other people had been saved during the accident, a speaker from the Wesel district manager said.
A parachute had been found at the accident point, according to police.
The 'Rheinische Post' reported with eye witness to the fact that the airplane had been clouded with a hot air balloon, prior to the crash.
This house is a one- or two-family house.
Further details were not known at the outset.
Peaceful clearing of Frankfurt Operanplatz
One week after the outbreaks in Frankfurt, the phasing out of the opera square took place on Sunday in a peaceful note.
Finally several dozens of people had stayed in the places but left off at a one-hour deadline before the closure hour begins.
The police have been in service since the early evening with numerous officials, and a higher police service has to be seen throughout the city.
For the first time, this weekend, from midnight onwards, there was a ban on entry into the Opera Square where hooligans were shelved one week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
The room was also quiet during check out.
Old car hits! Young woman injured severely in the face of an accident on the Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In the event of an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injury around 13.25 p.m.
She was brought to the hospital in Kassel.
The fire force looked for possible drivers using Heat Image Cameras.
According to police officers on the state road 83, the woman was traveling out in the direction of their place of residence in Humm, when her car departed from the well-cleared core.
The fire-fighters had to release the roof of a car to facilitate the circumvention.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
Warburg's stand, which also use heat imaging cameras, was also ordered for the extreme search for personal dynamics.
The application forces, however, found no one between the high maize plants.
The most serious injuries have been brought to further services with the emergency car from the Kassel Klinikum.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The state road was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Master in Italy
Turin - After a break-through day of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin was secured the Italian Championship for the ninth seasonal series.
The team around the five world footballer made the 36th Scudetto of theAssociation's story perfect with a 2:0 (1:0) at his home game at Sampdoria Genoa on Sunday evening.
Ronaldo met 1:0 before the mid term.
With 83 points Turin, who not had the recently long-vileged ex-national player Sami Khedira, set under a seat only two days of action before the end of Serie A.
The table second Inter Milan is seven points behind.
Despite high optical supreme, Juventus was harmless in the first half of this period, and, following a freeriding variant yet, Ronaldo met with the last action.
A good example created by Miralem Pjanic was that the 35-year-old of the sentence used a flat-shooting (45.+7).
Against the more offensive guests, Ronaldo was also contributing to 2-2, after his shot he dusted Federico Bernardeschi (67.).
This secured its quiet but decisive success.
the settings emitted on the table in the 89. minute are probably only fair if Ronaldo is correct but cannot compete with the product value.
“It is complicated to remain mental and physically at ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange and the momentum changes very easily," Maurizio Sarri said three days later at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Followed the defeat, the fans did not have the chance to make the championship perfect.
Its ultimate reassuring lead facing the top of the table was most importantly due to the weakness of the competition.
The Sarri team won only five wins in the 11 parties that they played in front of the day on Sunday.
Whether Ronaldo will also become a Torship King is doubtful.
This qualifying program holds 34 matches at Hellas Verona with Robert Lewandowski as much as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's "winnings of respect" at 5:1 (1:1), which until now won its assessment
The current Jeve professor Gonzalo Higuaín is holding the record in Italy.
Argentine set 36 goals for the SSC Naples during the 2015/2016 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the forthcoming K.O. round, Real Madrid or Manchester City will be waiting as an opponent.
Baden-Württemberg – covers more than 250 illegal authors
Stuttgart - Despite threats of penalties and court judgments, automobile drivers continue to continue to give gas in countless, illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads: last year and the first four months of this year police has registered more than 250 illicit carning races in South West Germany.
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The races concerned more than organisational events, as emerged from the Ministry of the Interior’s answer to a request of the Landtags-SPD.
In most cases drivers had met against one another or fled the police - i.e. that is indicated to be the illegal race.
There were mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60.
113 financial penalties - 15 imprisonment
Only in a comparatively few cases have the rasers been caught and asked to pay in. Some113 fines have been imposed since 2018, according to the Office of the Interior and 15 sentences have been issued.
However, there are no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually is increasing.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than before, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes over the past few years, a minister said.
The Rasern Autobahn 8 is particularly popular, so drivers can limit traffic around here and make the tour before racing without taking anything.
In August, a dozen drivers were caught in the air in the vicinity of Kirchheim under coverage, and three months earlier, there were even 18 drivers on the A8 near Merklinge.
A81 is the most popular race track:
On the A81 the police register even more races than on any other federal motorway.
The high speed limit means this target is used to block ridders outside the particularly affected stretch between grave and hostage.
The most eligible sport and luxury vehicles often have Swiss trademarks, because, because of the heavy penalties for fast driving and authoring races in Italy, drivers are often avoiding grassing in Germany.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
"The obstacle threshold for rasers would be considerably higher if this would not be legal at 200 kilometres a day on the way.
In the light of information and image campaigns, Rivoir believes less: "Children who infringe every rule and threaten not only their own lives, but also the lives of other mobile users are hard to reach.
ADAC calls for stronger police intervention
Yet this is not sufficient for ADAC: "We believe that rasers cannot be dissuaded by temporlimits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport Department and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
It is not seldom the high-journey force fair is becoming painful and serious. From January 2011 to April 2020, three people have died at the first races throughout the country, of which two affected a nightly crash in Stuttgart's city
Two young men are expected to have made a renewed album in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 more people were injured during the races in the last two years.
But the Home Affairs Minister, Thomas Strobl, believe that tougher penalties are not required: 'Legislative action needed to hamper the sanctions for illegal car races is not seen', assessed in the paper of the Home Office.
Blue light on July 23: Thirstiger bridge steals refused drinks from refrigeration
Rohrdorf: a man breached the table on Thursday in Rohrdorf (Circle voting area) and stolen drinks and cash.
The witness heard sounds walking across the valley street at 3.40 a.m. and was heading for the bar.
There, he noticed a man who served with drinks on the fridge and left the bottom with a formerly inserted door.
The perpetrator fled on the way to the meadows behind the statue.
The police force also used the filter at one of the points containing the lowest three digits of cash.
The suspect is formulated as follows: he is roughly 1.75 to 1.80 metres large and a powerful stature.
In fact he weared a black pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The Police are receiving further witnesses.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
At the final phase of the 10th Sibiu Tour, radprofessor Pascal Ackermann reached his second title in his day.
The 26 years old patrol of the team Bora-hansgrohe went through the 109 kilometres mountain being well connected to the departure and reach of the hotel in Hermannstadt after already having won a stage in Saturday.
There were the seasonal victors three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian partner Gregor Mühlberger took hold the overall team.
In the morning, the 26-year-old had decided to ski over mountains, taking up the top in a classic situation.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
Viewers at the start and end of the line were not allowed.
Heading Office launched instructions for citizenship reanimation
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday morning in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to fire brigade, the emergency call was received just before 13 a.m.
"Chief output gave instant instructions for load reanimation," a firefighters speaker said on BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took off the revitalization measures little later.
Moreover, the children in danger of life were transferred to the university clinic, under renovation.
Why it happened is unclear.
The police have on a routine basis started investigations into the results of accidents.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and occasionally more than 1000 people took part in a "Tuning Meeting" at the car park of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The Police implemented their announcement to strengthen control of such events.
The most important tuning meeting was on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg's southern city.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police forces, the Nuremberg Transport Police reported a increase in the volume of vehicles in the underground of a large car park in Ingolstar Straße at 10.30 hrs.
The police then carried out a variety of vehicle checks.
Just recently, the police announced that they want to step up the approach against so-called autoposers.
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the 'scene'
The officials at the top represented 700 cars as well as about 1100 people, accounted for by the police.
However, only a small part of the present people had such a look at the "autoposer" and tuning scene.
Apparently, most of the relevant scene followed the police’s appeal.
The motor vehicles and users on the site must assume that these were predominantly shocked people.
Furthermore, the prevailing share of those that present applied the protection regulations, in particular how to observe the minimum distance and wear a mouth-nose protection.
The control measures carried out on the ground ended at 1:00 a.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles needed to be secured.
No authors
There have not been illegal author rivalries.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schröder of the participating downtown company: "These have all beautiful rims which you must not scratch," Schrödinger said.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Moreover, because cars are wider, the company must ensure that all damage is not done.
"The young people should finally enjoy their cars without damaging them".
Work agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that display short-term jobs," said Mr Daniel Terzenbach, who is responsible for the operating business, the Frankfurt Universal Zeitung.
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally, tests take up to three weeks.
"Not as much time has been available for us at this hot stage.
We will therefore look at the final settlements more precisely.
There will surely be some work ahead.
We are not naïve and have a long breath".
Evidence of abuse would often come from the affected employees or unions.
In addition, the BA analysis software is used to trace abuse patterns.
According to Terzenbach, the BA prepares itself for a possible wave of insolvency in autumn.
"Will there be significantly more insolvencies than last year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The figures still remain unobtractive, Aerrzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: The New Garden party disbanded
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party at the New Gardens.
The collection was dissolved at 20.48 a.m. by persons manufacturing the Pressure Castle and Gardens Foundation, and according to a PNN request the Foundation had asked.
The young people had then left the park.
On Saturday evening quite a few young people had played in the New Garden of Rugby.
The meadow was cleared by a reviewist, said SPSG spokesmen Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time- and again illegal parties are going on in the parks
The Foundation's  Parks regularly boast several collections that do not comply with Covid-19 genetic and hygienic rules.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without a corporate regulation, parks will be closed when the dark temperature declines.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors are leaving more and more waste and destroying protected biotopes.
In Berlin, however, illegal park parties have achieved a different dimension.
On noon, some 5000 people were celebrating an illegal Techno Party in the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria : mass tests following Corona outbreak in tourist destination
With hundreds of tests, authorities have responded to a Corona outbreak in the popular tourism site of St. Wolfgang, Upper Austria.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
This means that many of the people who are infected are young trainees in tourism enterprises, but at least one tourism guest has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday evening.
The closed-off time was set at 23 a.m.
"There are the cancellations and cancellations" of bookings, said the CEO of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Association, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some individual guests also come off early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season about one third of guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first cases of infections had become public.
The head of the District Authority, Alois Lanz, defended on Saturday the conduct of personnel who were celebrating and who may have invaded these places.
"This is something we all loved to do at our youth", he told radio broadcaster Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness among young people concerning the dangers of Covid-19.
Since Saturday, hundreds of employees, tourists and local people have been tested.
We were also in touch with all the guests who were in St. Wolfgang starting on July 15th.
The outbreak creates memories of the Austrian skiing and party town Ischgl in Tyrol, a center for the Corona spread throughout Europe in the initial phase of the pandemic.
Overall, more than 1500 people are currently infected by the virus in Austria.
The new infections focus on Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League, Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - British football recordmaster Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year's absence.
The Red Devils secured the third table value in the last Premier League game, incidentally with a 2-:0 (0:0) success directed against Leicester City.
The Foxes will now have to satisfy themselves with the Europe League, because the FC Chelsea is still moving forward, and as the Fourth was also making contributions to the Royal Class.
Aston Villa was invited to go out in the fight against the decline.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, in the Champions League eighth hosting championship of FC Bayern, accomplished a leap because of Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) in parallel renewal with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton work
"That means very much," said Trainer Frank Lamped, who, in his first season as a Chelsea-coach, is also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal.
Chelsea's victory against Wolverhampton also benefitted Tettenham Hotspur and started, after 1:0, as the sixth victory in the Europe League.
Aston Villa came to a long stride around new class coverage with the FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth.
The late leading of Jack Grealish (84.) immediately approached Andrej Jarmolenko (85.
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The Club, which ran three trainers during the season, is singling out after five new competition years.
Similar to Bournemouth, who couldn’t rescue themselves from FC Everton’s 3:1 (2:1) team.
In the end, there was one point missing.
The FC Liverpool, already confirmed as the English master since the end of June, was able to make a constitutionals record with a 3:1 (11:1) victory of Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest score that Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp, along with a team, missed the point-red cord in English football.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the newcastle thriving in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) took part on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season", said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "this should inspire us to defend the title.
It will become difficult.”
In the end the Premier League bosses are likely to be satisfied.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the soccer operation in England had been suspended between 13 March and 17 June.
Meanwhile, even an early termination or arrangement of the remaining games on neutral ground was discussed.
But the season began to be finished without any significant events – though, as in Germany, without spectators at the stadiums.
Arrests and violence during demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against head of state Netanyahu are becoming increasingly violent.
Violent conflicts took place during the night.
Israel’s police force bangetred forcefully during the night since Sunday in Jerusalem against those engaged in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative leader, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people have been arrested due to participation in unrest, police officer Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to reports from the media on Saturday evening, a total of about 6000 people had gathered close to Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protesters beat drums, stunned in horns and called Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of an interdemonstration supporting Netanyahu had also been arrested, reporting the news page "ynet".
People demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including front of the private villa of the leading Presidency in the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man has been arrested following naval statements near Tel Aviv for suspected of spraying pepper spray on protesters along the street.
Another man was arrested following a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured at the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Most recently, Netanyahu was criticised for his management of the Corona crisis.
Among others, he was accused of intelligent easings and lack of preparedness for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter comes to car - nine injured – Ruhrgebiet -Bild.de.
Ahlen - On Saturday afternoon, repeated an accident called for nine light injuries on the B58 in Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
The police thought, "foreseeably it would have slowed down suddenly because it wanted to leave".
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He moved back to the car.
During the accident three passengers in the car and six in the transport were slightly injured.
Several rescue trucks brought them to an nearby hospital.
North Korea closes the cross border city following Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen a "showing success" in its own action against the coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Given the first official Corona suspicions in the country, North Korea has closed off a major city, fearing a disaster.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months ''the malicious virus could have been smuggled into the country,” the state media reported.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership called for the highest level of alarm.
Should the presumption be proven, it would be the first official infection case of Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own statements, had registered no single infection and described its defence measures as being a "shiny success."
The data were doubted abroad.
According to reports, the symptoms of disease were detectedwith the "exuberant" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago, and had now returned to the border.
South Korea initially failed to have assertions about the border crossing within the four kilometres wide and largely still dismantled military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
Investigations were carried out with some of the people here.
According to north Korea's data, a major and urgently proceeding would be convened on Saturday by the Industrial Labour Party's Politburo chaired by its President Kim Jong Un.
"The dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a fatal and destructive disaster".
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person concerned, and all people in Kaesong who had contacted them, had been placed under quarantine.
The party’s central military Committee shall therefore investigate the exit and operation of the responsible military forces and, if appropriate, impose hard penalties.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Exuberance ahead of the Council meetings: City East and noise protection are still the subject of debate before major events of summer.
"In addition to environmental issues, both sides will also vote on the construction plan for the Metropolitan Development province of the East," the committee plans stated in middle-centre position on the urban press release next to public Council session on Tuesday, 28 July at 16.30 pm
However, the upgrading of the eastern city is being controversially debated until the end of the day.
The majorities in favour of this represent a small number, especially in individual committees, depending on the presence.
An appeal from the economy (household, trade, and IT) which emerged from civil society and then developed by the administration and then locality council to not allow a project to fail again after nearly ten years of preparations, Reinhard Klein, critical of
"All think it is better to know it," says younger who, for over a year now, has been the only representative of the Community Council in Pforzheim registers.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he went along in this position, 'I know what I am speaking about'.
The capital's exit will be much cheaper with later subsidies declared by the municipal authorities enforceing the need for Greece to clean up the attracts, for €8.5 million of euros.
The city will develop very differently from forecasts being made in the Town Hall and by economic supporters.
A day later, in Berlin, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which has also opposed the operation, presented an alternative concept.
Among other things, it also foresees the restoration of the town hall, access to the Palace’s mountain, leasing out “ex” residence for administrative areas, and smaller refurbishment of the city’s entrance centre, ideally with local organizations.
Environmental issues play a key role
Environmental issues in particular will also play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road transport, such as, in many cases, its temporary consequences.
In a press release, the local traffic club of Germany welcomes the widespread adoption of P Tempo 30. However, officials in the city are not innocent of the need for that to happen because they have only contributed to the unsuccessful increase of car traffic, and consequent
The local council also votes on the participation of the Centre of the Energy and Climate Action Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, the agenda will focus on accession to the Conventional Climate Pact of Baden-Württemberg, reestablishing parent's contributions in the city's daycare facilities and requesting for accession to the framework of the German Smart City Support
Citizens are welcome but need to take into account the Corona protection measures.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann begins the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
The first test runs were started before the Super Sports Car League could begin working at regular level.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This has now become possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langen already completed his first rounds on the Lausitz ring and became accustomed to its premiere at the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With the ABS one must go into the curves differently for instance.
But it really has made a lot of fun”.
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, who is going to share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Despite his eighteen years' experience in GT sports, the Dutch have also been successful in helping a new team member on many aspects.
"I am not a beginner in motor sport but each new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
In this areas - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also hold its first race.
On 31th July, the 33 Supersportcars will be launched.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows the route.
In 2015, he was the last guest in the motodrome.
"It functioned quickly and I had to quite get used to the track"" says Zimmermann, who sets up for the Friedrichshafen Racing Association of Graf Zeppelin.
“The Lausitzring has many fast passages which one needs to meet in a quick manner."
This  comes to light in two weeks time.
"The teams get a little bit flexible in testing," he says.
"Finally, we are very pleased and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring.
The race in Brandenburg will be the beginning of a densely pressured calendar.
Seven races are planned at the beginning of November.
At the moment there will not be any spectators admissible – but there is a prominent guest.
At the Nürburgring dinner, Ex-Formuel 1 Pilot Niko Hulkenberg will successfully jump into the GT steering grid in mid August.
British Transport Minister of the Quarantine Cold Decision
The UK government's decision to put special holidaymakers in a quarantine for two weeks after their return has coldly caught the country's transport minister, according to press reports.
Thus, Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, while his colleagues at home agreed the measure on Saturday.
Given the growing Corona figures in Spain, the London cabinet has removed the country from the list of countries where entry without quotas was possible.
The new system will apply from Sunday onwards, so it will require Shapps to return to Quarantine.
In Austria, the government has also implemented quarantine measures for returnees.
But the regime applies only to those who are on holiday just from the deadline, on 24 September April, and was not introduced overnight.
Moreover, Spain has so far been considered considered one of the safe countries in Austria for which a quarantine is not needed;
"Numerous ministers in advance should have known that there is a possibility of clarifying a quarantine for tourists in Spain", said Labour Member Diane Abbot.
"But apparently no one has taken the trouble to tell Grant Shapps.
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists specifically blame nightlife for the new spread.
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the UK.
The UK Government is currently advising on our failure to travel to mainland Spain, while the Canaries and Balearics are particularly popular among British holidaymakers.
There are, to date, over 272,000 new coronavirus infections and more than 28,000 deaths registered in Spain.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hyperechanic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These unique weapons in the world would extend Russian maritime forces’ struggle capability, Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central marine parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
The hypersonic weapons display an increasing number of noise speeds of around 343 metres a second.
They are considered as the weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo will continue to be built
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years the navy has been reliably protecting Russia, saying Putin during Matrosen’s nationally celebrated day.
Even in many other Russian shores, the naval forces led parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there, too.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Making aid more difficult for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-gressed Corona pandemic is making work harder for helpers, says Abbott, according to the US media.
Evacuated for caution
"Every hurricane is a huge challenge," said Abbott, according to the newspaper, "Houston Chronicle".
In view of hurricane in Texas, he added, "This challenge is complex and will be aggravated, given that it mocks through an area that is the most affected covid-19 areas of the state".
According to the Johns Hopkins university, some 5,000 people have died so far in Texas alone, following the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who had to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It was important that everyone kept distance.
As a result, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition, an emergency housing scheme could be tested in Corona.
The damages initially had only been reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning Returned
"Hanna," according to the authorities, had reached the island of Padre Island on landing at wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour, directly front of the coastline of Texas.
Tropical turmoil had previously incremented to the lowest level hurricane.
There was a storms warning in the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, which was later withdrawn.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" then moved further inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves towards Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to weaken further.
They predicted that on Sunday they will be near the largest islands of Hawaii , then slash below the Hurricane threshold.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Given available climate data and the higher air-temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season is as low as 30% – a below average 10% reasoned at the time.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is monitoring the storms closely, and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates lost: video assistant 'punished' Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic have been dismissed two doors away
Naples - Four doors to dawn, four gates missed: Sassuolo Calcio had a black evening with the SSC Naples in the Italian football league series A: the point was very near and fairly too calm in the videos
"A festival of no attending gates for Sassuolo.
Never before the VAR used such tough work against a team," commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host of Naples had managed through a gate of the main foreign defense Elseid Hizaj in the 8th minute and Filip Djuricic accredited the balance ahead of the 32nd minute.
The video assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a remote position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot a ball again - the VAR activated yet again.
The attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) also returned by the referee team for consideration of the VAR.
In a retrospective period, Allan has set the 2:0 final for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfectly.
"The VAR is worse for Sassualo than a cycling trap in the road and penalizes Sassuolo like no team previously.
The new technology establishes records”, says the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard infringes
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
Following a short holiday and a few hours' training, Hansi Flick must consider how he may repay his successful defect after the injuries posed by world champion Benjamin Pavard.
The Frenchman who has the third most Member Points of Operation after Captain Manuel Neuer and Chairman Joshua Kimmich suffered a denial on the left as well as being affected by the critical king class duels.
In the Münchner Blade Water, the legal defender subsequently abandoned a training game and got a golf card out of the position.
How long will the unstrained tribal player go in the struggle for title is open.
The final return to the FC Chelsea on 8 August should see a difficult one, as the 24-year-old can expect from the final tournament, that will be under way on 12 August.
However, Bavarians do not want to be stopped by their misadvice at the training on Sunday.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration is supposed to shows its winning competition collectors in the pre-innovative 28 days up to the region’s royalty class final until August 23,.
"We have simply mastered the duties to run the championship and major tournaments in an excellent manner.
Well, we need to create something special now", said Flick.
However, for the final against FC Chelsea, Munich will have the opportunity to deal with some of the details of their final tournaments, rather than a training camp held in the Algarve.
After the 3-0 before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"We need to go through the door for the first time.
We want to win, create good conditions and create confidence for a good game,” Flick said.
A test for consensus will appear on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
By taking many journey Flick enjoyed his stars who had earned thirteen days leave after a nomination for a unique august.
31 players welcomed him on Sabener Straße, including the new players for neighborhood acquisition they seek, Leroy Sané, who for the first time meets another colleague following his interim change in Manchester City.
"Leroy has perfectly integrated himself to the newest, reported Flick.
But, rather than talking about the new season if Sané & Co. were no longer supposed to start playing, Flick preferred to talk about the German series champion's current title project.
After days of single and small-group training, teams will now shoot for the Londoner, who are at gaming pace in contrast to the Flick Ensemble.
Followsing that, there may be a quarter final farther in Munich against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, a semi-final fully ran over with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin identifying
A road up to the finale in Lisbon 'isn't so easy', stressed the Chief Coach, who, from Tuesday, can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training.
The Record Organizer Klose and Flick know that very many univened tournament preparations are specifically needed for the bet-to-100 commitment.
With his current team, it is considered "a pleasure," highlighted Flick.
The focus on winning potential is an important 'benefit of its team'.
During a tournament with nine-teams on Sunday, this was sometimes very ambitious.
A sufficient number of players presented this process, including the dormant Thiago and Defender David Alaba, whose way of stay beyond the critics season has available.
Formula 1 needs a special rule for a World Champion elite;
With the impossibility to keep track of the needed numbers of continents within the upcoming company, the FIA must improve in order to qualify the World Cup title.
All American races were, however, cancelled.
Race calendars are getting more and more specific
The race calendar for the present Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
The travel activities are scheduled in October at the Nürburgring in Germany and the Portimão in Portugal.
In November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. are fighting for World Championship levels on the Italian traditional race headquarter at Imola.
This means that the race calendar for 2020 - at present - includes 13 runs.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
The Formula One plans to complete a season in Asia.
The final calendar for the race will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Prior to the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports suggest that there may still be performances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
Regularly, the competition demands races on three continents
The Rules of the Formula 1 require at least races across three continents for the programming of the World Cup.
However, albeit from just two continents, as is previously being planned, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA will apply a special rule to award the titles on the basis of the "exceptional circumstances" concerning the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season launch in Australia in March needed to be cancelled at short notice, as a result of the upcoming Corona crisis.
A return to the continent later this year is not an issue.
Moreover, the Formula One will not be in America this year.
That negative move imposes criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation, races will not take place in Canada, the USA, Mexico, and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
The ban on the Americas ticket received criticism in Brazil in particular: 'We were not surprised about theabotage, but we cannot accept the reasons for this', said Tamas Rohonyi, our Friday of New York Grand Prix at
As a result, the infection figures in São Paulo are much lower compared to those in other parts of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We need to prepare for the necessary security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Bad faces across the world with Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg has been staying guest at the well-known Central Luntenight show by Stephen Colbert. She talked about what she could do in her meeting with Donald Trump.
Climatic civicist Greta Thunberg was visiting one of the well-known US-Latenight shows in video.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
The teenager also speaks about her famous, "evil look", at her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, a climate activist Greta Thunberg has drawn attention to her tireless commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunbergs in your show on Tuesday and had a larger interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
"There are some things that have surprised me," she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
"Everything from organised hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children takes to the streets" she has ever seen.
They find "pleasant" public leaders and leading politicians suffering from social media and trying to silence them, as they display the response, "because they have no other response to them" .
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The brief clip had created a GIF, which is an animated picture that eventually became one of the most popular images for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think about the US president at this moment?
To the relatively distinguished question presented by Stephen Colbert, she was very brief in response: 'To be frank, I do not think that needs any further explanation'.
The experienced satirical colbert expected not to think about the true answer and soon escaped on the text, shortly.
In her "How dare you?" remarks on the principles of climate change, she kept many in mind at the climate conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with Triple Package for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile will play alongside Bavaria's Robert Lewandowski in the race around Europe's Golden Shoe.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming a treasure king in the Italian football cup.
The former BVB Professor contributed three hit performances during the 5:1 (1:1) battle of Zio Rome at Hellas Verona, amongst whom two converted elefts recorded in the succession of the eight seasons that made the
So, three years before closing 24 season games, the 30-year-old from the Queen 2 PMP has a handsome track record for his account, as did the same number of BLBB players.
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo followed with over 30 gates, the Portuguese superstar met with the top runner in the evening Sampdoria Genova.
Fleetwood Mac cofounder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
Now, the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, dialectic junkie, cultural aficionados: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully during sleep at the age of 73, and told colleagues on Saturday in an official information that another opinion would be announced for the coming days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton described Green as one of the most superior blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood addressed an emotional reaction to a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood, and the guitarist Green, had founded the so far legendary band in London in 1967. It is still rememberable.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise, and the band was celebrating its most successful performance without him.
One of the main challenges was that Green wanted to donate all the Group's profits to charitable ends.
He began performing in large garments and with large crucicfix.
Mental problems are also supposed to have played a role.
Green left the band in 1970 three years after its establishment.
A social decline followed.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug use and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatry for a long time.
During many years of the 1970s the musicians disappeared from the imagery.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family in the London Bethnal Green District.
He had already enjoyed top figures of blues music fans such as King and Muddy Waters in a young age.
At eleven years he learnt the first guitar.
At the age of 15, the teenager started to play professional guitar and gained five years later the chance to be taking part in stage guitar in the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
Just a few days later, he was committed as an alternate to his Idol Eric Clapton in the Bluesbreakers.
Founded in the middle of the Blues boom in the summer of 1967, Green created Fleetwood Mac, together with that of his bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In winter 1968/69 the group's record "Albatross" took the first number 1 hit and catapulted it in the top of the UK music scene.
Yet this rapid rise soon demonstrated its shadow sides: Green did not encounter the media hues, his experiments with the drug LSD became evermore extreme.
He commented later on his interview on the life between music and addiction, "the worst things I have seen are the drugs - the best thing to catch a number-1 hit".
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
For the time being Fleetwood Mac, without it in a new format, is floating on a success wave.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite several little solo successes, Green won’t make any larger comeback until he returned to coming into the record in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians.
The British Daily Telegraph spoke of a rock star returning to Earth.
Green released some albums free of drug reviews with Peter Green Splinter Group until the band came to an end in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
