Bikers react quickly and prevent worse situations
An accident occurred on Friday evening on the road between Beutolsheim and Merklingen where a motorcycle driver was only slightly injured thanks to its rapid response.
Drivers Overlook Bikers
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
Concerning these policies and policies, the Commission overlooked the 24-year old, unofficial motorcycle riders that began the finishing line towards Nellingen.
Hand- and foot brake levers fly over the collision
The biker was trying to divert from the passenger car, evidently finding a position near the rear industry of the vehicle.
As a result of the reinforcement, the team’s snapshots and foot brake levers were comnged and the drivers in the Royal Palace were no longer able to brake.
He, mentally, directed his motorcycle alongside the path and made it roll out there without having to fall.
Bikers suffer injuries
However, the visitor suffered helpless injuries due to a crash of his car, in which he had to be treated in clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
After a mass corona infection on a large vegetable farm in Mamming and Netherlands, almost 500 people are out of total quarantine and are no longer entitled to leave the plant.
A security service will monitor the ban.
A total of 174 harvest helpers have been positively tested for the Corona AG Sars-COV-2, as reported by the State Sectoral Office of Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening.
"In order to avoid a further spreading we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the people," says Landrat Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Before this beginning, seven staff were infected, this was the reason for the series test.
The resort offers a large vegetable farm, producing select sorts of strawberries, cucumbers and cold and red beads – but only beans for insulation vessels.
Mamming is a rural commune with 3300 inhabitants, close to Dingolfing with its large BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to maintain calm: "We understand that this is a closed consortium of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD shared responsibility for the State Government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the housing of seasonal workers.
"This may be insidious if such local infections are involved and regional lock downs are to be organised," states Jürgen Mistol, Head of Parliament of the Greens.
The SPD sees that very similarly: 'Following the Corona outbreak in the Meuseful Farm in the middle of May, a special control program was demanded for farms with harvest auxiliary
"Our understanding is that it is the hygiene requirements at work and conditions within the area of housing that need to be closely monitored.
This has obviously not happened."
The outbreak came "with confirmation."
Aidenbachstraße subway station: Dangerous dispute: 19 years olds fall into the railroad after Schubser
A 19-year-old broke down a hit and slipped into the track bed when a dispute is between two youth groups on the Aidenbachstrasse entity.
President Aportement Chichol and Afabrik today provided an overview of the schedule for business. This information provided almost all the support needed to structure the project and address the news.
One passant alarmed the police, which traveled with multiple stripes.
Initial investigations identified a Munich (17) who pushed a 19-year-old up standing ground.
The young man slied over the edge of the rail walk and fell into the railroad floor.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no risk from an initiating railway system.
As the police reported, there were conflicts again between the two.
This 17 year old was initially fleeing from the court, but his personalities could be determined much further.
Alongside his father, he also commeted to the police inspection.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges longer retention of data
Data retention is currently suspended.
Federal Minister of Interior Horst Seehofer, however, requests, after a media report, an extension of the storage period.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister of Interior - Horst Seahofer (CSU) - following a media report - demands an extension of the amount of data retention - a half-year instead of the ten weeks envisaged.
As the "image on Sunday" reports, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christiane Lambrecht (SPD) sent a letter asking for a quick legal change.
Seehofer therefore intends to reinforce measures against child abuse.
It considers it worthwhile to make 'urgent adjustments in law already now' the paper stated in that letter.
At present, data retention is suspended.
A European Court of Justice decision on this is expected.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesperson of the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it was only possible for there to be proper legal adjustments if the courts had taken decisions.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, along with the country’s Home Affairs Ministers, even decided to express a support for data retention in June.
NBA: Strip club annoyance for Clippers-Star Louis Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams 33, the basketball profession of Los Angeles clubs, allegedly should leave the tournament quarter in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission for a peromptuous experience.
Also, according to the US media reports, he attended the dedicated smartingclub "Magic City" in Atlanta.
Williams, who has admitted the visit according to ESPN statements, is in isloation with connection test on Covid-19 every day.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA insider Shams Chania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams decided to prescribe a ten-day quarantine.
In this way, the Clipper star misses the first two officially prepared parties after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA prepared to finish the Corona season.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing training in the season Final starting over the night on Friday.
Söder speaks about the Corona situation following mass infection
Munich – Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive on Sunday for large farms.
This press conference will be shown live on our website.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has shocked the authorities and the politicians.
Currently, almost 500 crop workers from various countries work in the greenhouse, with more than one third people having been infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
Nobody can leave the area, food is supplied.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As harvest workers had little contact with the local population, the Board of Regions presumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Consciences": confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
"My client has shown to be cooperative," said Mr Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: 'He deeply regrets deeds and the confession was a liberation for him.
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the case of a condemnation the man, according to the public prosecutor, will be required to face ten years of prison and a fine amounting to EUR 150 000.
The Gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul in Nantes was severely damaged by a fire during the night on Saturday of last week.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory investigations inflicted suspicion at such a fire foundation.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
However, after one day, he was released again.
The man has been working as the volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fires.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that we consider abolition of the 50+1 rule.
"German soccer should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates a reality," says Grindel of the "picture on Sunday".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
We are not, therefore, dealing at the debate on whether it is imperative to facilitate the involvement of investors by associations that wish to break into this phalanx?
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"There is still a legal risk of attracting investment fences to Bundesliga's business platform in a single European market", said Grindel.
Former Director of the German Federal League, "the attempt to promote a greater balance of competition in the Bundesliga is ultimately only undermining the competitiveness of our top clubs in the European level
Even an equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive effect.
"FC Bayern represents a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
So the differences are enormous among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million“ said the 58 year-old.
With reference to the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and got through the press, instead of addressing it," said Grindel about the take-up of an expensive clock that led to his resignation in April 2019.
"This has been a interesting work for me humanly".
He received the gift worth around 11,000 Euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the consequences from it," said Mr Grindel.
"I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and pointless way.
Many people in the DFB were aware of this."
He never "left a hedge from the gift," assured the 58-year-old.
"People may call it naïve; in any event, this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": injured and death
protests against police forces in the United States have been stepped up again, through Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police forces in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and the police in various cities.
There were three people injured in Louisville and 16 people arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shots while a demonstration trail just crossed a crossroads.
Previously, in Portland, there were conflicts again during protests against racism and police violence.
The security efforts, including federal police officials, introduced tear gas on Saturday night, and suppressed demonstrators violently.
Hundreds of, sometimes armed, protestors marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and called for those responsible for the death of Breona Taylor to be held responsible.
The 26-year-old student was shot in March at a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville.
The razzia was aimed at anyone who did not reside in the area and no drugs were found also.
When one of the members of a group who called itself an armed ally of black Americans shot on Saturday, three people were injured.
According to the newspaper NBC, they were brought to the hospital.
None of them lived in risk of life.
The police set up barricades because there had been counter-protesters of a white militia as well.
So in the end there was no meeting between the two groups.
In Spanish Austin, a person was shot and died during a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
So far, it did not provide further details on the circumstances.
Mayor Steve Adler said, based along the New York Times, that he is, like many residents, "unstinute and confounded" for what has happened.
In the US metropolis of Seattle, demonstrators found partnerships with the police on Saturday.
They stamped up new buildings in front of a deprived young prison and they used a lamb granade and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
In the municipality Oakland in California a court building is on fire.
A small group of protesters did shoot windows, shot fireworks, and reflected police officers with lasers and the Oakland policing within the late Saturday evening (location time).
The fire could be erased quickly again.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car carried out crowds demonstrating in a highway.
As the police informed, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was taken to hospital.
In addition, windows were fridgeed in the court and a fire was placed, as the Police have also stated.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big hall was missing in the spa town, visitors and actors enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the Alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, actors, and organizers: the Rakoczy weekend, without Rakoczy festival.
But although the big party mile in the city centre was missing, population masses and community purposes such as barking room,  Arafatic ball, or a military camp, many alternatives to Corona were optimal.
“I think we have succeeded in spreading Rakoczy-Flair,” comments curator Sylvie Thormann.
The staff was very helpful and the restaurant offers great plentiful buffet of food and coffee.
In principle, you return to the early days of the Rakoczy festival, as the historicians solely were the focus of this festival.
comfortable atmosphere.
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy Festival for Bad Kissingen together with her husband for over 25 years.
This is also the approach this time in the Corona Year.
The couple decided to relax at the Lucitold Casino, watching the historicians during observement and listening to Cuban live music at the Playbank restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
They are missing the crowds who otherwise belong to Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"That is a pity.
The weather would have been much better this year," she says.
Rakoczy Tournament will take place again
The alternative programme in turn meant more work for the performers of the historical heritage guests.
For such a type of Christian Gold, who participated in the particular content in a normal year and can be seen on the cute of the spa café.
This year she was on saturdays and Sundays in Kostum city on foot.
"That is all the more difficult, otherwise we will have it easier", she says.
The club had less to do even though individual riders were going to the park.
"We very much hope that the riding club will again take place in the coming year, as President Ulrike Waldhofen commented.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 other cases involving Spanish second party Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second football soccer commission CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper into the crisis as a result of a corona outbreak.
Since the new aforementioned comrades from the African region of Madrid had flights to the city of A Coruña on July 20, in December, well before the next subversion that took place.
Until Sunday, 28 players or team members had been positively tested, one came to hospital, as the club informed.
Fuenlabrada from the town of the same name southwestern of Madrid had the possibility until now of reaching the upswing competitions.
Now, even departure to the second league B-group would face risk.
The Game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled last moment, the public prosecutor found for a possible crime against communicable health, the top sport authority CSD considering the forced departure
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photographs should show as players had furnished underwear and club clothes in their rooms for drying after they had to wash the themselves.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Another problem was food.
It was neither good nor adequate, wrote "AS".
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally jeopardising public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
By 19 July there were four people infected and all infected were isolated in advance of their departure.
All players and members of the team were re-tested 24 hours before the flight to A Coruña on Monday.
Now that the crew was already in A Coruña, the team went to be very good for five or six members of the Corona test.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attack, Tebas Llanas said.
Police must take out damped horses
Two animals were on the roads.
The police brought them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6 a.m. some transport operators announced two open-handed horses on the training route between Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld, and the Theres motorway traffic centre.
In the event that officials arrived the horses were again established between the female individual trainer and the village of Dampfach.
As soon as the current authorities were able to gain the crisis of the horses by steamboats they sit there in each room, one caused keep on being carried into the stripeboard.
Professional Tony Martin: career continuation imagineable
Time travel specialist Tony Martin thinks about a continuation of his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven time biking World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sports career.
"I am working now with the team on the preparing conditions for how and in how it might continue," said the 35-year-old of the Frankfurt General Sunday Newspaper.
Martin is currently working with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had been considering completing his career after the Corona break.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of action days, he said.
Martin said, on the other hand, about other issues which would plague him as a father of a family.
In the past he stood up after Fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back again to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would be if?”
The cyclist admitted that there are certain aspects as to which he does increasingly struggle.
"But it was good to remember from Corona's time what I want to be in cycling and how much fun it will do me".
The time specialist will return to the competition during the Tour de l'Ain (Austria – 5th - 9th of August).
Bavaria: A minimum of four deaths on Bavaria’s roads at weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets in many places.
For at least three people the bike tour ends deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies as well.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on Bavarian roads, several, mostly young people died during weekends.
One 18-year-old advocate of motorcycle resistant was captured on Saturday at Schönthal (domain of Cham) by a car that came into the backdrop.
Firstly, it was unclear why the car came back to the lowside.
On Saturday, a 22-year-old in Upper Bavaria met with a horse horsecout on his machine.
After making discussions on some of the sharing journalists, he was disparities between the latter and the others. Yet, in Purge, he saw that life was completely futile in all types of behavior, because there
In a leftward curve, he went on a vashing trouble against the nowche.
His injuries were so serious that he died at the site of the accident.
Of the twelve people in the cargue the woman was badly injured, and a man had slightly been injured, as the police told.
Another fatal accident killed an 18-year-old in Upperpfalze Bad Kötzting.
He driven on his roads at night to Sunday when he was overcrowded by a 42-year old car driver.
As the police predicted, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer slow down in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Freyung-Grofenau), on Saturday our57 years old biker marched against a vehicle in a legal trail, despite the full internal braking.
He died at the location of the accident.
The 57-year-old driver was shocked, while the remaining three people in the car remain undisturbed.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a lot in recent years in respect of motorcyclists' safety," in the letter.
"The number of motorised bikers killed decreased by approximately 28% compared with 2011."
Kovac testes Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - in the early years years using the new club AS Monaco there will be a relaunching with permanent level in Frankfurt.
The Eight-time French master will be welcomed on 6 August (18.00 pm) at Hessen, the former Croatian club.
For the Bundesligist it is the first and only a hard test prior to the backplay in the Europe League against FC Basel (August 6th).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” explained Kovac.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year old.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian dared to amend the group and succeed the Croatian authority.
In March this year, the Frankfurter family lost the eighth final battle against Basel in their own stadium, at 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof near lockdown
In the district of Hof the weekend the number of well-known new infections at Corona was further increased: from 39 on Friday and 43 Saturday (one person is designated and no longer in the listing) every sunday
Next, there is a case in the city of Hof.
It brings the Hof area closer to a critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants a week.
700 deaths from monsoon regen in South East Asia
Over 9 million people are affected by the severe floods in Southeast Asia, most especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in Boats is attempting to reach isolated people.
The entire villages are under water.
Farmers have lost their crops.
A supporter in national park dies through landslides.
In the Kaziranga National Park several of 120 tank forces died by landslides.
They are protected and considered as at risk of extinction.
This year, the floods are particularly bad, which reminds scientists of climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the southern part of Bangladesh, the State has built apartments for 650 persons displaced by the floods.
So far, very few have intervened to date.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm is also remaining in Brenence today.
For those of you who used to have homes, it was small and sophisticated to a lodge, often they don't want to spend a share of their lives in a large living block.
Many housings are empty, but - according to the administration - must soon be moved towards those who have lost their homes by the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
The 24-hour comparison reported 60 new Corona infections in Vienna – 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The Vienna Department of Regional Relations and the Directorate of Medical Crisis, the City of Vienna, regularly inform about the current new evidence figures and indicators of the Covid-19 virus: as relevant Sunday, July 26 2020, 8:00hr, is shown in Vienna 4.840 (+60
The number of deaths related to the virus remains unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48) persons are welcome.
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased from 22 to 3,288 on Sunday.
A sick person is recovered according to the treatment.
This increases the number of genes to 2.936.
Currently, covid-19 is the disease of 247 patients in Germany.
So far 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ offer
The new demands could not be met; the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires reported on Saturday.
'That would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair', an opinion said.
"Whilst 50% of the children live in poverty in Argentina, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits".
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
This is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to waive a proportion of their claims of around $66 billion (almost EUR 59 billion).
If there is no agreement, the country will once again be in danger of default.
This would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis.
The latest inflation rate was more than 50%.
Experts expect a decrease in economic power of approximately 10 percent for this year.
By the end of May, Argentina had not paid interest claims from USD 503 million and slipped into a limited default.
Professional approach - Private not yet
"It's working supergood" - this conclusion pulls Dr Stefanie Kramer to the Eggenfelden Notariat after her first days.
In the end, all goes fast: in mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will be taking up the successor of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelden notary office.
A minute later, at the beginning of July, the highly-acknowledged legal expert took up his jobs and the ordinary daily business has been in full steam.
However, “I still have to arrive in private,” she explains in conversation with the Rottal scoreboard and laughs.
Of course, the brief lead-up time was not enough to completely move Regensburg’s food point to Eggenfelder, where of course, the native Dingolfinger reports.
Currently, she, with her husband who works as judge in Regensburg with the national courts, is engaged in the search for a suitable home or house in the city.
At least her son was able to request parental leave in the short term to guarantee the necessary care for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order to not have to go down from Regensburg every day, the grounds they can use for the first time also accommodate their parents in Dingolfing and the 39-year-old people state.
The town of Soggenfelden has grown up in the nearby neighbourhood, which has known for many years as a governing concept.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
Therefore, they were all the more pleased that they did the race during the competition for a vacant place.
In already practical terms, the interests of Northern Bahrain are regarded as central. FLKP stated that five years of transformation into texts focused continually on business science and culture through a concerted behavior.
After several notary trading stations such as Reachau and Hof in Oberfranzen, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu, and Regensburg - during that period she took the prestigious positions in Labor Law at a "in-depth and elementary level" - she launched in 2012 as a Notar
In 2016 she went onto parental leave. Eventually, she moved to Regensburg.
Since then, she has taken over representation services at various notaries.
When the position in Eggenfelden was contested for the close retirement of Lutz Feller, this direction has noted the importance of putting the place onto full vocational return, it has noticed this
Our predecessor, who leads the position on a future holiday meeting at their notary offices, has been fully adopted by Dr Stefanie Kramer, and has to praise the team of the office: "it is going super good!"
It makes it easier for them to deal with the prospect of promotional relocation of the private food point.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will be less than 20% filled for season start if fan returns.
“Owing to the distance rule that is essential to uphold we plan for days at 12,000 to 15,000 viewers,” mentioned Borussia Dortmund's CEO Carsten Cramer.
Normally, the arena in the district city enters more than 81,000 spectators during Bundesliga (Germany) games.
In the ghost games of its past season caused by the Corona Pandemic, the BVB lost some EUR four million per competition.
The Cramer responsible at the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation asks that alongside normal viewing sites some 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again: “It's a blow involving the collapse of sales and revenue.
Given the ongoing Corona crisis, all 'were prepared to take a stable side long for the first time'.
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
Dortmund Marketing’s leader praised the interests of BVB professionals for their salary reduction which is supposed to help end the crisis: "Of course, they know that their waiver has a different effect than if we set 100 people working in merchandising to marginalized work".
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly more severe than a packerl of butter, just three vital-spoon blood in all its body: this was Gabriel when he was born – he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The Bub is one of some 400 breakfasts, which is provided annually at the Graz children’s clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so little and so early that neither lungs nor aufgrund, nor muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny, that at times they often wear doll clothes and mini-winds specially produced for them.
But not so small that they wouldn’t be with a voice - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger shocks.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Apart from Corona Theater in classroom, the Whiteboard as a stage was also covered by the 9th class classes of the St. Jacobus School in Abtsgmünd night before reaching an early holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester of the Theatre of the City of Aalen presented to the students with the production "The Home dress" - by video.
Afterwards, the students had a chance to chat with the actor and director Winfried Tobias about their place and performance via Skype.
The idea was born for the performance format from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
“If we continue to improve the technical environment, this could be an interesting complement to the game” explains director Winfried Tobias.
launching first round: The TSV 1860 would meet in Frankfurt’s DFB pokal
When the TSV is qualified for the DFB Championship in 1860, the Lions will soon meet on Eintracht Frankfurt in their first round.
This evoked the release on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponents are chosen to play in the second round of the DFF.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
This was shown on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Since the field is still not fully explored for the Corona pandemic, members of the group required the appropriate placement offer.
With the voluntary waiver of a half-final matching button FC Memmingen we always will be pleased to host a contestal final at the Bavarian Spirit Toto Cup (4th or 5th September).
In this area the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoriaschaffenburg.
If a second-tight-ranking starting at the WURZBUG Final is completed, some 60 might already qualify for the first round of the DFB section.
Alternatively, Giesinger would have to stand in the race against regionally swept Aschaffenburg.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
"Follows Wind": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday at 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesman in the German press agency.
Peter Buyerroh was renowned for his role as Melanie Hallton in the episode of the South American emblem "Beating wind" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatre member Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare's «Summer Night dream».
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the fraking heart.
She won her first colossal Oscar in 1946 in musical work in the main role of "To Each His Own".
The film was released in Germany under the title "Mother’s Heart".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her leading role (in 1952 ) in the film "My Cousine Rachel".
The piece has become a global success.
Along with her long-established friend Bette Davis, she has played in "Wienlied für eine beruhache".
From his marriage with a writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 until 1953) the son Benjamin was born.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke.
Rumours about an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss finals at Comeback
Julius Tholea and Clemens Wickers missed the finals at the “Road to Timmendorf” beach volleyball tournament.
At the top teams meeting in Düsseldorf, they were down at the half-final with their national colleagues Nils Ehler and Lars flyes following 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19
Last September, Thole/Wickler had the most important involvement in the World Tour Final in Rome.
At the finish of the Rhine the confederates of Bezwinger Ehlers/Flights suffered defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Stefan van de Velde with 0:2 (17:11, 17:21).
Besides the show tour, three starting points for the German championships were played in Timmendorfer Beach in early September. These tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/ Richard Peemüller and Simon
Kalbitz was announced in AFD - FDP says "fig leaf"
In FDP terms, the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from AfD is only a "figure leaf" and does not alter the character of the party.
'The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the extreme right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is just part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD”, said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strisser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday, after a long period of negotiations, the Federal High Court of the AFD approved the exclusion of Kalbitz, which the German Federal Bureau majority decided in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD is really about rigorously withdrawing right-wing extremists from its party, officials such as Björn Höcke and his supporters would have long been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will for this in AfD because right-wing extremism has become part of the party".
Similarly, CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said: «That Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing new and never changes everything» he said to the 'World on Sunday.
"It best speaks volumes, as many frenetic supporters still have right-wing extremists in the middle of AfD".
Flower believes that the AfD will go to below five percent in election in the future.
“The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted.”
Kalbitz was an official speaker in the " wing' area around Thuringian AfD leader and group chairman Bjorn Höcke, when constitutional protection denounces it a "cohesion of the right's extreme freedom".
In May, the AfD Federal Executive Board released Kalbitz from its party.
As a reason, he indicated that Kalbitz's party accession did not list the earlier membership of "Home Trust Germany Youth" (Home True German Youth) [1] and the Republicans.
Kalbitz disputes membership of the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains an extremely extreme right-wing party, whether with or without Calbitz'.
This decision will neither weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
“The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
"We hope to avoid more monitoring by constitutional protection and try to get off the current radar," Walter said.
"The AfD will not take away the spirits it called.
There is no change right against this at the moment,” Brandenburg SPD Secretary President Erik Stohn commented on the decision in the Kalbitz case.
"It is in that context that the AfD country association and the Group have thus to date held their right leader".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
On Saturday he announced that he will now take civil action against the aid decision of the Federal Court.
North Sea wind farms provide nearly 21% more electricity
The wind power plants on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network in the first six months of 2001.
This is just around 21% more than during the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet announced in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for transfer of North Sea electricity to the mainland and for further transmission via the German electricity grid.
Wind tunnels on the Baltic - which are not part of the TENNET network area - have fed further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) of their electricity.
In total, wind flows from the North and the Baltic region come to 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms boost the production capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy is the result in higher production capacities, as new wind farms have entered the new area over the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind power stations in the North Sea were all compelling to operate simultaneously, they could produce 6.7 gigawatt electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea by 2030.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, we have up until that time invested EUR 20 billion in the development of offshore networks," said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality the wind farms cannot adequately exploit their capacity at sea, but reach approximately 40%.
The record day this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatt power.
On average, North Sea wind circuits produce about 2.5 - 3.0 gigawatts of energy, equivalent to three or four nuclear power plants.
This could provide electricity to nearly seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the founder Kunstverein: The exposition opening of "Skirmish" with work by Leipzig artist Christian Bold marked the basis of the daily work in Corona.
Much more friends of art than usual pursued the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the art association, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the volume "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern Cornhausplatz.
Today an association called Sandtogether came out in the north of the gallery.
Freital: Winds Mountain festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day celebration scheduled in September.
More than 30,000 people visited this city festival in other years.
"We do not have made this decision easy and, knowing how difficult it is for those operators, hoped for it until the last minute," Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg said.
“But in the end we are responsible here as organisers for the health of many thousand people”.
However, if tens of thousands of people had emigrated to mainzain grounds and to the summit, minimum distances, hygiene rules and contact prosecution could not have been followed in line with the current Coronash Protection Regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so vigorous that there was not much left of a popular festival.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring burden would rise disproportionately.
Rumberg consolidated for next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, including with the winter mountain festival on 7th to 9th May 2021 and the Saxonic Day from 10th to 12th September 2020.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth will not beat Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51 year old from the Rheinberg team came to four wins on the weekend at four starts.
Starting with Weiweegold and Numnaz, she won a major Grand Prix, starting on the Sunday and compete at the Grand Prix Special as well.
On Sunday on the 15th of Year anniversary of the Wewegold Crossup value of Werth declared herself a very strong challenge against Austria's own Victoria Max- theoretician in Abegglen.
Even in short, on Saturday on Quantaz, the German Union was clearly there because of its 34-year old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer.
-The winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressgrider in the world is due to establish the 10 years old stench on the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz it was the first move ever.
Already during the first celebration in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important tests.
The final of the three international tournaments will be scheduled for 14th to 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University enjoys a continuing development in the air: the "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" offers a professor of air traffic management.
A similar contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The agreement was first concluded for three years and begins in 2021.
Professionals can easily start their studies with our campaign not only for summer, but also for winter semester.
This will enable twice as many students to receive training as up to now.
At the same time, the capacity is being reciprocally used both in the University and at the DFS aviation monitoring academy.
The DFS will provide advice to the university during the creation and the establishment of the professorship.
Representing the University since 2019
Since the summer semester in 2019, the first students in training to manage the level of air traffic at the University of Worms are in the course of Skills air traffic management.
Nine students have started this year.
The experience of the DFS so far has been very positive, the results from its students are outstanding.
The combination of studies and pilot training is a major contribution to further enhancing the competitiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to fulfil our obligation in the future we need highly qualified staff.” says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman of the DFS at the signing of the contract.
“For the DFS, the Foundation profession is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with one broad, cross-certain knowledge base in the long run.
As such, we continue to cooperate well with the university and at the same time support our attractiveness as an employer”.
This also underscores Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the Worms University: "The Foundation profession creates a key bridge between science and business.
We aim to put this into contact with the already existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the double Bachelor course Air Traffic Management ".
Trust for German Air Safety regimes makes the University of Worms Motivation and commitment to further develop its study and research competences in the field of air transport for the future.
Being agent of tomorrow's flight controllers, the college, with its first foundation professor, can place some very special highlights and innovative focuses for their students for a dual course of study.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary in the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, emphasises, “The University of Worms has an intrinsic position in Rhineland-Palatinate with its emphasis on air transport.
Today's signature of the Cooperation Agreement enhances the profile of the university ".
Rescue hub Launches on A 45
A 45 motorway became fully blocked on the Saturday morning, towards Affenburg, where following a road accident, the rescue helicopters were in use.
At the Autobahn exit Alzenau in Mitte, a 76-year-old turned straight in the curve with a Ford about 12.40 p.m. and landed on the maiden platform.
As a result of the impact, the front airbags sparked and the driver suffered many problems from the face, bringing it into hospitals for treatment.
The injury suffered by the 72-year-old boarding-passenger was provided by the emergency doctor; the patient was flown to hospital followingly with the assistance.
At present, however, the police believe that there is no danger of life.
The damaged vehicle, which caused damage of approximately EUR 2000, had to be pulled down.
Health wants to inspect other sectors in the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation up again in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is coming soon.
But are they right - and will this remain?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (SPD) - in addition to the now planned regulations governing misconducts in the meat sector - is looking to inspect other branches of industry.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
Following the massive Corona outbreak in an fish giant in Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, on Wednesday the Federal Cabinet wants to take the fundamental decision on a Healing Act.
Large slaughter shops will no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
This would prohibit the use of work contracts as well as temporary workers there.
Employer President Ingo Kramer stated: "Finger away from an emerging branch restriction on worker contracts and workers' status, if you do not want to totally distract the economy".
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"The mistakes of individuals cannot destroy such an important tool."
Heiling believed: “My objective is not to prohibit work contracts anywhere in our German economy”.
Working contracts make sense.
"If an industrial business orderred a craftsman to install a safety system then that is quite normal work contract".
The German meat industry considers that bans on working contracts and temporary work are unconstitutional in its sector alone.
It is not explainable why the future exporting and packaging of cheese should be subject to labour law other than segments of sausage, as described in an opinion on legislative project, like the New Osnabrück’s newspaper.
Consequently, if a ban were taken place, consumer price would rise by between 10 and 20 percent per kilo of product.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
Often they had no break.
Revenue for protective equipment or rent was held.
It is also stated that the situation in accommodation for employees has often been imperfect.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
However, the "tricky designs" had circumvented these textures.
"Now it is necessary to clear things round".
The politician stated: 'In the Labour Protection Act which we want to adopt at the Cabinet at the end of July, there are also measures which covers not only the meat sector - for example, higher inspection quotas to protect workers
The draft before us includes amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat sector and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg's Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers that more detailed controls are required.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more personnel will also be required for more controls.
Three deaths in Germany when ultra light aircraft crash
In 2008, when an ultralight plane crashed onto a multi-family house in Wesel in the German second quarter of North Rhine-Westphalia, three people died due to the police data.
A child has been slightly injured.
A spokesman for the Wesel circuit office said that two other people had been saved during the accident.
A parachute had been found at the accident point, the police said.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
The house is a single or two-family house.
Further details were not known at the outset.
Peaceful clearing of Frankfurt Operanplatz
One week after the outbreaks in Frankfurt, the phasing out of the opera square took place on Sunday in a peaceful note.
A few dozen people have been remained in square but left there before the closing stage at 1 o'clock.
The police have been in service since the early evening with numerous officials, and a higher police service has to be seen throughout the city.
For the first time, there was a ban imposed on entering the Opernsplatz this weekend from midnight, was followed a week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured after police invasion and several police vessels damaged.
the night was very quiet as well.
Auto 'Abstracts Two: Young woman seriously injures in the event of an accident on the German motorway 83 by Hofgeismar
One 21-year-old on Sunday, at 13.25 p.m., suffered serious injuries in an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme.
She has been brought to the Kassel Clinic.
The fire forces searched the possible competitor with thermal picture cameras.
According to police officers on the state road 83, the woman was traveling out in the direction of their place of residence in Humm, when her car departed from the well-cleared core.
To save the accident, the firepower had to clean-up the roof of the cars.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
In fact, the Drone stable from Warburg, working with heavy duty cameras, had also been ordered for the search.
However, those dedicated force did not find anything between the high maize plants.
The most serious injuries have been brought to further services with the emergency car from the Kassel Klinikum.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The state road was closed for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a break-through day of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin was secured the Italian Championship for the ninth seasonal series.
The team around the 5 Times World Footballer made the 36th Scudetto of club activities with a 2:0 (1:0) each Sunday evening in the homeground against Sampdoria Genoa perfect.
Ronaldo met at 1:0 before the mid.
At 83 points Turin, which took place without the recently injured former national player Sami Khedira, has no longer swallowed off two days before the season ends of Serie A.
The other Inter Milan circuit lags back seven points.
Despite high optical supreme, Juventus was harmless in the first half of this period, and, following a freeriding variant yet, Ronaldo met with the last action.
An example by Miralem Pjanic re-erected the 35 years old from the civil space boundary directly with a flat shot (45.+7).
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
That has ensured the brilliant but crucial success.
the settings emitted on the table in the 89. minute are probably only fair if Ronaldo is correct but cannot compete with the product value.
“It is complicated to remain mental and physically at ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the momentum is very changing," said coach Maurizio Sarri after 1:2 at Udiniane Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Followed the defeat, the fans did not have the chance to make the championship perfect.
In the end, Juve also had its lead to the amount of calm and excitement greatly due to the weakness of its competitors.
In the eleven challenges to the Sunday match, the Sarri team only saw five wins.
Whether Ronaldo will also become a Torship King is doubtful.
Whereas the Portuguese superstar have established 31 goals, the former Dortmund Ciro real mobile, after a three-pack basis, staged 34 companies with the Hellas Verona in five of the top 56 tables; as many as Robert Leonewandowski
The current Jeve professor Gonzalo Higuaín is holding the record in Italy.
The Argentine provided 36 goals to the SSC Naples in the 2015-16 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the coming C.O. Round, Real Madrid or Manchester City might be waiting as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal authors filed
Stuttgart - Despite all under threat of sanctions and court rulings, drivers continue to build gas in countless illegal races on the Baden-Württembergese roads: last year and the first four months this year police registered more
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The races were less focused on organised events as reflected in the Ministry of Interior’s response to a request from the County's SPD.
In most cases, drivers were spontaneous or tried to escape from the police - this is also showed to be an illegal race.
First and foremost German men between the ages of 18 and 60 were here.
113 Penalties - 15 times detention
Only in a comparatively few cases have the rasers been caught and asked to pay in. Some113 fines have been imposed since 2018, according to the Office of the Interior and 15 sentences have been issued.
However, there are no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually is increasing.
Rather, other drivers responded more sensitively than before due to the considerable shocks and processes in recent years, making these observations increasingly frequent, a management spokesperson said.
More special, it is a so-called Approximately 8, notable for its riders, who are always curbing traffic there to help them go to the place, and to take advantage of their free track through their proper race.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught in lane near Kuchheim and three months afterwards, 18 drivers were in Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular racing track.
On the A81, the police even register more races than those provided on any other German motorway.
It does so – signaling a speed limit – because it aims to block reactions in the most particularly affecting section between the wild and the historic force.
The usually high-priced sports and luxury rounds often have Swiss labels because the drivers feed into Germany those days to crawls due to the high fines on driving and authors races that are exceedingly high in the regional vicinity.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
"The obstacle threshold for rasers would be considerably higher if this would not be legal at 200 kilometres a day on the way.
Information and image campaigns, Rivoir thinks that "to breach all rules in this way and certainly cause risk not just to own lives but also to the lives of other road users. It is never possible even if so well'.
ADAC calls for stronger police involvement
This is not enough in ADAC's case: "We were assuming that raser cannot be deterred by the tempolimites," says Holger Bach, Head of Department for Transport and Environment, at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
It is not seldom the high-journey force fair is becoming painful and serious. From January 2011 to April 2020, three people have died at the first races throughout the country, of which two affected a nightly crash in Stuttgart's city
There, two young men were scheduled to submit one highlight in November.
One of these vehicles was domested from the streets, knocking against a brick walls and remained on the side which killed the 18-year old passenger.
21 more people have been injured during the races of the last two years.
But the Home Affairs Minister, Thomas Strobl, believe that tougher penalties are not required: 'Legislative action needed to hamper the sanctions for illegal car races is not seen', assessed in the paper of the Home Office.
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger Sprinkler steals beverages from receptilation
Rohrdorf: A man broke into a pump in Rohrdorf (circle calw) on Thursday and stolen drinks and cash.
A witness heard noise in the circular street at 3.40 p.m. and traveled towards the revelation.
There, he noticed a man who served with drinks on the fridge and left the bottom with a formerly inserted door.
The perpetrator fled on the way to the meadows behind the statue.
The police force also used the filter at one of the points containing the lowest three digits of cash.
The suspect is described as follows: it is approximately 1.75 to 1.80 metres high and of robust stature.
In fact he weared a black pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The Police will receive further testimonies.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
Cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second second round ever on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu tour.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
There were the seasonal victors three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian partner Gregor Mühlberger took hold the overall team.
In the morning, the 26-year old had decided to drive up the mountain and thus took pride in the classement.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic,” the 26-year-old said.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
Basically, In line with the program rules of the International Federal Federation UCI a Corona test was carried out for all runners and their companions six days before the race would start.
During the entire tour, drivers and carers in insulated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and from the media.
Viewers of the start and finish were not allowed.
Heading Office launched instructions for citizenship reanimation
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to fire brigade, the emergency call was received just before 13 a.m.
"Chief output gave instant instructions for load reanimation," a firefighters speaker said on BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took off the revitalization measures little later.
The infant in danger of life was carried to the hospital under renovation.
Why it happened is unclear.
The police have on a routine basis started investigations into the results of accidents.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and occasionally more than 1000 people took part in a "Tuning Meeting" at the car park of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The Police implemented their announcement to strengthen control of such events.
On Saturday evening (25th July 2020) a major tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg's South City.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police forces, the Nuremberg Transport Police reported a increase in the volume of vehicles in the underground of a large car park in Ingolstar Straße at 10.30 hrs.
Thereafter the police carried out a wide number of vehicles inspections.
Recently, the police had announced their desire to step up the fight against so-called autoposers.
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: Only small part of the "scene"
The officials at the top represented 700 cars as well as about 1100 people, accounted for by the police.
However, only a small share of the participants of the "autoposer" and tuning scene was to be linked to this.
Apparently, the majority of the relevant scene followed the police’s appeals.
Cars and people operating locally should be assumed that all held events were for the most part relevant.
In addition, the vast majority of those present complied with the enforcement of the infectious protection provisions in force, especially respect for a minimum difference and wear of an oral nasal protection.
The monitoring measures that took place on the ground were terminated by 1:00 p.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles needed to be safeguarded.
No authors
There have been no illegal authors.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The agency News5 talked with Jürgen Schrödinger of the towing company involved: "They have all the beautiful rims, which we cannot break", says Schrodinger.
For this purpose, special bands would be used.
Even because the cars are wider, the company must take care not to damage.
"The young people are supposed after all to get their cars back without harm".
Working Agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin – The Federal Agency for Employment (BA) according to its own statement is now reflecting some 900 suspected risks for abuse in the case of short-living workers' money.
"This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that display short-term jobs," said Mr Daniel Terzenbach, who is responsible for the operating business, the Frankfurt Universal Zeitung.
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally the test takes up to three weeks.
"Not as much time has been available for us at this hot stage.
Therefore, we will see in more detail the final calculations.
Certainly, much more will be done.
We are not naïve and we have a long breathing'.
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions involved.
In addition, the BA analyst software uses to identify patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, the BA prepares itself for a possible wave of insolvency in autumn.
"Will there be significantly more insolvencies than last year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The figures still remain unobtractive, Aerrzenbach said.
World Heritage of Potsdam: Dissolved Party in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party at the New Gardens.
The collection was dissolved at 8.48 o'clock by the district drivers of the French Castles & Gardens Foundation (SPSG), submitted their request by PNN German.
These young people would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening a number of young people would have played in the New Garden Rugby.
The Mediterranean lake had been cleared by vacators, the PLSP spokesperson Frank Kallasee said on Sunday.
Time and again illegal parties take place in parks
In the parks of the foundation there are collections which do not comply with the residual and hygiene regulations [covid-19].
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without a Corona regulation, the parks are closed if darkness falls.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors are leaving more and more waste and destroying protected biotopes.
In Berlin, however, illegal park parties have achieved a different dimension.
In the city of Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, approximately 5000 people were celebrating the night of Sunday an illegal techno party.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria : mass tests following Corona outbreak in tourist destination
With hundreds of tests, the authorities responded to a Corona outbreak in the renowned Upper Austria tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
This means that many of the people who are infected are young trainees in tourism enterprises, but at least one tourism guest has been tested positively.
Residents, guests and tourism employees have been asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday evening.
The closing hour was set at 23 a.m.
"There were calls for cancellation and cancellations" of bookings, said the head of the Tourism Association Wolfgangsee, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Also, individual guests have departed at an advanced stage.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist village in Upper Austria, with more than 400.000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season about one third of the guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first infections became known publicly.
The head of the District Authority, Alois Lanz, defended on Saturday the conduct of personnel who were celebrating and who may have invaded these places.
"We all liked to see that happen in our youth," he said to the radio channel Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness among young people concerning the dangers of Covid-19.
Since Saturday, hundreds of employees, tourists and local people have been tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
The outbreak creates memories of the Austrian skiing and party town Ischgl in Tyrol, a center for the Corona spread throughout Europe in the initial phase of the pandemic.
In total, more than 1500 people are currently infected by the virus in Austria.
The main focus on new infections is Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League.
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
In the last day of the Premier League, the Red Devils secured the third table spot with a 2-0-00 product on served against direct opponent Leicester City.
The Foxes will now have to satisfy themselves with the Europe League, because the FC Chelsea is still moving forward, and as the Fourth was also making contributions to the Royal Class.
Aston Villa was almost allowed to rejoice in battle against the descent.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
“This is a very big alternative for me,” said trainer Frank Lampard who finished the USA Cup finale against Arsenal during his first season as a Chelsea coach.
Chelsea's Victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotjeur, who with a clever 1:1 (1:0) had kept up the volves with Crystal Palace and started as sixth in the Europe League.
Aston Villa came to a long stride around new class coverage with the FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth.
The late demonstrated guidance of Jack Grealish (84.) was followed up with immediate action by Andrej Jarmoleko (85.
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club which featured three trainers in that season is scaled down after 5 leading Years.
Similar to Bournemouth, who couldn’t rescue themselves from FC Everton’s 3:1 (2:1) team.
In the end there was a missing point.
The FC Liverpool, already confirmed as the English master since the end of June, was able to make a constitutionals record with a 3:1 (11:1) victory of Newcastle United.
99 meters are the highest standard the Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp said it was just conferences with his team in English football and in England he simply missed the record for the score itself.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After a newcastle tour at the first minute, Virgill van Dijk (38,), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) routed the match at Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season", said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "this should inspire us to defend the title.
It will become difficult.”
In the end, the Prime League Bosses are likely to have full satisfaction.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the soccer operation in England had been suspended between 13 March and 17 June.
Meanwhile, in fact, discussions have even been held about early cancellation or the organisation of the remaining games on a neutral floor.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrest and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Netanyahu's Head of government are becoming ever more intense.
During the night there were violent conflicts.
The Israeli police violently acted in Jerusalem twin days against participants in a demonstration against right-wing conservative leader Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people have been arrested due to participation in unrest, police officer Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to reports from the media on Saturday evening, a total of about 6000 people had gathered close to Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protesters shook drums, raving in horns, and calling Netanyahu to resign.
Also, participants in a counter-demonstration which supported Netanyahu had been arrested reporting the news page "ynet."
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including from the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city Caesarea, along with a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man was arrested following a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured at the neck.
Just recently there have been numerous demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Lastly, Netanyahu was criticised for his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among others, he was accused of intelligent easings and lack of preparedness for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has had a hard impact on the country's economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new cases involving the coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter arrives at car - 9 injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - On Saturday afternoon, repeated an accident called for nine light injuries on the B58 in Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
The police thought, "foreseeably it would have slowed down suddenly because it wanted to leave".
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He moved back to the car.
In the event of this accident, three passengers in the car and six in the transport were slightly injured.
Several pilots carried them to a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
North Korea has so far seen a "shining success" in its own security measures to address the coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Due to the first official Corona suspicion case in the country, north North Korea has fully sealed off a big city out of fear of fatal disaster.
In spite of the most stringent epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months, "this malicious virus could have been brought back in the country," the state media reported.
The region surrounding the border town of Kaesong is hit by an emergency.
The Communist leadership called for the highest alarm level.
Should the suspected incident confirm, it will be the first official incident of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own statements, had registered no single infection and described its defence measures as being a "shiny success."
The information was questionable abroad.
The symptoms of illness were reported in the case of an "extrater" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between the South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago, and had now returned to the border.
South Korea does not yet have a technical confirmation for crossing the border within its four kilometres and largely mined military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
It involved investigations into certain people.
According to its own data, North Korea organized a meeting of the Labor Party Police originally chaired by the leader Kim Jong Un on Saturday, on account of the suspicious case.
The 'dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a fatal and destructive catastrophe'.
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person concerned, and all people in Kaesong who had contacted them, had been placed under quarantine.
The principal military command is therefore intended to investigate the 'outburst' and conduct of the responsible military unit, and to impose harsh penalties where appropriate.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Exuberance ahead of the Council meetings: City East and noise protection are still the subject of debate before major events of summer.
"In addition to environmental issues, both sides will also vote on the construction plan for the Metropolitan Development province of the East," the committee plans stated in middle-centre position on the urban press release next to public Council session on Tuesday, 28 July at 16.30 pm
Most importantly, the upscaling of the Eastern city will, however, be debated in controversial terms until the end.
The majorities in favour of this represent a small number, especially in individual committees, depending on the presence.
An appeal from the economy (household, trade, and IT) which emerged from civil society and then developed by the administration and then locality council to not allow a project to fail again after nearly ten years of preparations, Reinhard Klein, critical of
"Everyone believe it better to know it," says Small who has been into the town council for part of a year now as sole representative of the population list Pforzheim.
In effect, after reading the Treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The city's exit makes it cheaper to rejuvenate the city's technical town hall for Euro 8.5 million contrary to what the town government has claimed: 's small budget size in relation to'.
The city will evolve completely differently than the city hall and economic supporters predict.
Another step to make the City unique may be one: drawing up its establishment Plan B. A day after Minor, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which was also opposed to the project, presented an alternative offer.
It also provides for the renovation of the Town Hall , the opening of place of the castle, the rental of the ex building for administrative apparitions and a smaller city-centre transformation that is ideally where community consumers are present.
Environmental issues play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from noise pollution caused by road transport, such as, in many cases, its temporary consequences.
In an press release, the local transport club welcomes the widespread introduction of tempo 30; however, political leaders in town are not innocent about the need for this, because by neglecting the business traffic, the rapid transport market has first contributed to a massive increase in car traffic
The municipality council shall also vote on the participation of the City of Energy and Climate Change Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, the agenda will focus on accession to the Conventional Climate Pact of Baden-Württemberg, reestablishing parent's contributions in the city's daycare facilities and requesting for accession to the framework of the German Smart City Support
Citizens are welcome but they have to take the Corona protection measures into account.
Tim Zimmermann is launching the new season with much delay
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
The first tests took place before the league of super sports cars can start operating the regular operations.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from tackling his first journey to the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now become possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned out its first rounds, covering the essential points of the Lausitz ring and was accustomed to his premiere in the GT3 vehicle.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it is really a lot of fun”.
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports vehicle in GT Masters.
Despite its 25 years experience of GT sport, the Netherlands is able to also serve its new team colleague in many respects.
"I am not a beginner in motor sport but each new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand our end and we made huge progress on Lausitzring from session to session".
In this areas - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also hold its first race.
On 31th July, the 33 Supersportcars will be launched.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows the route.
In 2015, he was last guest in the motodrome.
“It worked quickly and I have had little getting used to the track,” says Zimmermann, who starts of the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
“The Lausitzring has many fast passages which one needs to meet in a quick manner."
What happens in two weeks: at this time it will become apparent that Zimmermann really was quick.
“Of course, the teams do a bit with their tests”, he said.
"After all, we are very pleased, and look forward to the first week at the Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the beginning of a densely pressured calendar.
Seven races are scheduled to begin at the beginning of November.
The current state is that no viewers will be permitted, but there will be a prominent guest.
In the middle of August at Nürburgring we will have an extensive ex-Formula-1 pilot Nicos Hülkenberg in GT steering wheel.
The British Minister for Transport of Quarantine Decision Cold
According to the press results, the UK government decision to quarantine spanish tourists for two weeks after returning home has caught the country’s Minister for Transport in cold.
This is why Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain in particular while his colleagues at home decided on this measure on Saturday.
Because of the resurgent growth in Corona numbers in Spain the London Cabinet removed the country from the list of countries from which entry without quarantine requirements is possible.
The new arrangement will apply from today Sunday, which will also required Shapp's return to quarantine.
In Austria, the government also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
The scheme applies only to those who are on the holiday dates by the date of the reflection, only from Saturday 1 August, and has not been introduced overnight.
Spanish, incidentally, has as yet been considered one of the 'safe countries', for which no quarantine is required in Austria.
"A large number of Ministers will have previously understood that there is an option of imposing a quarantine for holiday seavers in Spain", Labour MEPs Diane Abbott commented.
"But obviously, no one went to the trouble to tell Grant Shapp’s opinion.
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists primarily blame night life for the resuming spread.
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the UK.
The British Government is currently advising unnecessary travel to mainland Spain, which can be excluded from those policies where UK tourists are most popular.
To date in Spain, more than 272,000 infections have been reported with the novel corona virus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hyperechanic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These unique weapons in the world would extend Russian maritime forces’ struggle capability, Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central marine parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
Hypersound weapons often possess sound speed of 3,43 metres per second.
They are considered as the weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo will be further built
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the Marine has reliably protected Russia,” Putin said during Matrosen’s internationally celebrated day.
Similarly, in many other Russian sea resorts the naval forces began the sea day with parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reach Texas: Corona makes help more difficult
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-stricken Corona pandemic makes the work of the helpers more difficult, said Abbott on reporting to the United States.
Evaluations called for caution
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," Abbott said in the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
Taking into account the hurricane in Texas, he added that “this challenge is complicated and exacerbated, considering that it includes an area which is the country most affected by Covid-19 itself.”
According to the Johns Hopkins university, some 5,000 people have died so far in Texas alone, following the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution from people who would have to leave their homes.
They should not disrespect practices 'to which we are used', such as the wearing of masks, explained the Governor according to the c-senter, CBS.
It was important that everyone kept distance.
That is why, in some places, hotel rooms had also been made available.
In addition, an emergency housing scheme could be tested in Corona.
The damages initially had only been reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Stormus warnings resumed
According to governmental information on Padre Island, it was located on shore of a country bordering the Texan coast with wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour.
The tropical storm had already been touted as the lowest level one hurricane.
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm flood warning was initially issued and later withdrawn.
Authorities had expected a weakening, whereas "Hanna" continued to move internally and to north East Mexico.
"Douglas" moves for Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" travelled down to Hawaii on Sunday in the night, with quick wind speeds of around 150 kilometres per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected it to weaken further.
According to the forecast, it is planned on Sunday (local time) near the largest islands of Hawaii – then March to descend to the Hurricane threshold.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Because of the available climate data and the higher speed of the water in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the chance of a normal season is 30 percent – on average only ten percent, at the time.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is monitoring the storms closely, and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates missed: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were dismissed two gateways alike
Naples - Four gates ranked, four doors left quiet: Satuolo Calcio experienced a battling evening at the 01:2 (0:1) at the SSC Naples in the Italian Football League series A - and could typically find h
"A festival offered for Sassuolo.
Never before the VAR used such tough work against a team," commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host of Naples had managed through a gate of the main foreign defense Elseid Hizaj in the 8th minute and Filip Djuricic accredited the balance ahead of the 32nd minute.
The video assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a remote position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot a ball again - the VAR activated yet again.
Also the deadlines of Attacker Francesco Caputo (50.) and Domenico Berardi (61.) were reverted after visit of the VAR.
In a retrospective period, Allan has set the 2:0 final for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfectly.
"The VAR is worse for Sassualo than a cycling trap in the road and penalizes Sassuolo like no team previously.
The new technology generates records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern München: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a short holidays and days of training and hopefully good, Hansi Flick must continue going beyond the establishment of its first team training to consider how he can redesign his successful defence following the injury of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The French, who has the third most respectable service minutes behind captain Manuel Neuer and Chief of Mittelfeld Joshua Kimmich had, here, a strong lining up to the right and is trying to miss crucial cclass duels
In Munich’s shnoddle weather, its rights defender cancelled a training game and had to leave the course by using a golf card.
It is open to how long the full triber player has to break in the struggle for the title.
An effort in the ''Eighth Final' game against FC Chelsea on 08 of August may show difficulties and the 24 year-old may be looking forward to the final tournament which might begin on 12 August in Lisbon.
The Bavarians would not want to be halted by the responsibility of the training on Sunday.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration will be shown for a pre-eminent title collector in the scenario in the next 250 days right until the 30th of August.
"We have simply mastered the duties to run the championship and major tournaments in an excellent manner.
Well, we need to create something special now", said Flick.
However, for the final against FC Chelsea, Munich will have the opportunity to deal with some of the details of their final tournaments, rather than a training camp held in the Algarve.
After the 3:0 stem before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"We have to go through the door first.
We want to win, create good conditions and create confidence for a good game,” Flick said.
A test for consensus will appear on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
Flick lingered with his last 12 days holidays in August to boast a unique place to enjoy his many stars.
31 players welcomed us at the Sabener Straße including new actors for the precious shopping of Leroy Sané, who, for the first time after he converted Manchester City, unveiled all the new colleagues.
"Leroy, like every new one, has fit neatly", reported Flick.
But, rather than talking about the new season if Sané & Co. were no longer supposed to start playing, Flick preferred to talk about the German series champion's current title project.
After days of actioning intended for individual and small groups, team training is now being followed for those in London who, unlike the Flick Ensemble, are working or graduating.
After that, a quarterth final against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi could be forthcoming in Munich; in the semi-finals Real Madrid, Manchester City, or Juventus Turin, may potential opponents.
A way out to the final in Lisbon 'isn't so easy' emphasised the Chief Coach, who from Tuesday can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training.
The Record Organizer Klose and Flick know that very many univened tournament preparations are specifically needed for the bet-to-100 commitment.
Using the most recent team, the work was "a pleasure", commended Flick.
The 'focus on winnings' is an important contribution of the team.
During a tournament with nine-teams on Sunday, this was sometimes very ambitious.
People are each involved, including the departing With biased Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the Royal Class Season is not secured.
Formula 1 requires a special rule to reveal the World Champion
Because it is not possible to pass through the required number of continents, the FIA will have to upgrade the chips to enable the worldwide title.
However, all the American races were cancelled.
Race calendars are becoming increasingly concrete
The race calendar for the present Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
Three other racing routes have been added to the previous 10 confirmed Grand Prix under the week.
The travel activities are scheduled in October at the Nürburgring in Germany and the Portimão in Portugal.
In November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. are fighting for World Championship levels on the Italian traditional race headquarter at Imola.
This means that the race calendar for 2020 - at present - includes 13 runs.
"We are pleased that we are continuing to make significant progress in completing our 2020 plans," said Formula 1-Boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
The Formula One intends to close its season in Asia.
The final race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Prior to the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports suggest that there may still be performances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November.
Regularly, the competition demands races on three continents
The Rules of the Formula 1 require at least races across three continents for the programming of the World Cup.
However, albeit from just two continents, as is previously being planned, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA will apply a special rule to award the titles on the basis of the "exceptional circumstances" concerning the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled in the short term because of the unfolding corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not an issue.
Moreover, the Formula One will not be in America this year.
That negative move imposes criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation, races will not take place in Canada, the USA, Mexico, and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
The decline of the American races came out of criticism in Brazil in particular: "this not comes as a surprise for us, but fundamental reasons cannot be accepted," said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São
Thus, the incidences of infection in São Paulo are considerably lower than those affecting the other regions in Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of several teams not planning to travel to Brazil would not justify a rejection.
We need to be prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Evil moment against Donald Trump revolved around the world.
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest at Stephen Colbert’s well known Latenight Show by video schedule and briefed in interview on some of her interests at their meeting with Donald Trump.
Climatic civicist Greta Thunberg was visiting one of the well-known US-Latenight shows in video.
Among other things, she spoke of her fight against the powers of the world.
The teenager also talked about her famous 'evil look', in her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, a climate activist Greta Thunberg has drawn attention to her tireless commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunbergs in your show on Tuesday and had a larger interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
"There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to steer the focus away from climate crisis," she was shocked.
"All this from organized hate campaigns to threats simply because a group of kids comes to the streets".
Heads of State and leaders in Social Media profoundly question or are even being attempting to silence them, find them fun for showing the reactions, "because they have no other answer to it".
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The short clip created a GIF – an animated picture, which has at the end become one of the most common images used for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think about the US president at this moment?
To the relatively distinguished question presented by Stephen Colbert, she was very brief in response: 'To be frank, I do not think that needs any further explanation'.
This kind of sensatory answer was probably not expected, while the eagerly experienced hailior surgeon colbert quickly shanded out of the image.
In her "How dare you?" remarks on the principles of climate change, she kept many in mind at the climate conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with Triple Package for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile will play alongside Bavaria's Robert Lewandowski in the race around Europe's Golden Shoe.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming a treasure king in the Italian football cup.
The once professor of PRS incorporated three matches at the 5:1 (1:1-11) victory from Lazio Rom in Hellas Verona, including two transformed elevenths in both semi-finals.
So, three years before closing 24 season games, the 30-year-old from the Queen 2 PMP has a handsome track record for his account, as did the same number of BLBB players.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo, with so far 30 goals, the Portuguese superstar met with the lead. In the evening, there always was Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac cofounder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
Now, the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He had died peacefully at the age of 73 and told family members on Saturday in official remark that a further opinion would be announced for the next few days.
Top musicians like Per Frampton acknowledged Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood talked in an emotional response about a "monumental loss" for all former and present members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green founded the long legendary volume in London in 1967. Unforgettable is the familiar instrumental hit, "Albatross".
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise, and the band was celebrating its most successful performance without him.
One of the main challenges was that Green wanted to donate all the Group's profits to charitable ends.
He began performing in large garments and with large crucicfix.
Mental problems are also supposed to have played a role.
Three years after its founding, Green left the band in 1970.
This was followed by a social decline.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug use and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatry for a long time.
During many years of the 1970s the musicians disappeared from the imagery.
He is to have lived on the streets at times, worked as a graveyard gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946, as son of a Jewish working family in the town of Bethnal Green in London.
Already in young years he was enthusiastic for music guarantees such as King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years of age, he learned the first guitar strikes.
At the age of 15, the teenager started to play professional guitar and gained five years later the chance to be taking part in stage guitar in the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
Just a few days later, he was committed as an alternate to his Idol Eric Clapton in the Bluesbreakers.
In the middle of the blues boom, Green founded in the summer of 1967 Fleetwood Mac with his bluesbreaker colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In winter 1968/69 the group's record "Albatross" took the first number 1 hit and catapulted it in the top of the UK music scene.
The speedy rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not take over the media and his experiments with the drug LSD are becoming more and more extreme.
He commented later on his interview on the life between music and addiction, "the worst things I have seen are the drugs - the best thing to catch a number-1 hit".
At the end of the decade, Green received remarkable respect for an album inspired by religious issues in 1979.
For the time being Fleetwood Mac, without it in a new format, is floating on a success wave.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite several little solo successes, Green won’t make any larger comeback until he returned to coming into the record in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians.
At the time, the British 'Daily Telegraph' mentioned having a rockstar returned to the earth.
Free from drugs, Green published some albums with the Peter Greensplinter Group before the band dissolved throughout 2004.
He had been a blues legend for musical experts and with his gentle sound he was one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
