Biker responds rapidly and prevents worse
An accident occurred on Friday evening on the road between Beutolsheim and Merklingen where a motorcycle driver was only slightly injured thanks to its rapid response.
Car Driver Overlooks Bikers
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
In this case she oversaw the 24-year-old authorised motorcyclist coming from Nellingen.
Collision will shut down hand and foot braking levers
The biker tried to deviate the car, but caught it up at the rear area of the vehicle.
The plaster was taken from the transfer of manual and foot brake levers into the Suzuki-Trailer and the driver was no longer able to reduce disruption.
He directed his motorcycle in the green strips alongside the railway, leaving it moved around with no traffic loss.
Biker suffers an injury
However, the visitor suffered helpless injuries due to a crash of his car, in which he had to be treated in clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a mass waste infection on a large vegetable farm in the Cape Wellbouring, almost 500 people are disadvantaged and can no longer leave the farm.
An security service is supervising the ban.
A total of 174 prototypes were been tested favourably at the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2, as announced by the County Council office in Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday night.
'Unfortunatley, in order to avoid a further spread, this step is needed to protect the population', says Counciler Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Seven employees had previously been infected at the business, which was the reason of the test.
In the factory it is big vegetable farm that cultivates strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red potatoes (but cucumbers are cured only for insert boilers).
Mamming is a rural town with more than 3300 inhabitants within a few minutes from Dingolfing with its major BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to maintain calm: "We understand that this is a closed consortium of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD gave the state government a share of responsibility.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting inspection of housing for seasonal workers.
"This can just be a bitter argument if such local infection continue to occur and regional lockdowns have to be ordered" said Jürgen Mistol, a Green Parliamentary Director.
That is similar to that of the SPD: "After the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof mid-May we have already called for a special control programme for farmers with crop suppliers", said Dr Florian von
"In our view, we need to have sharp controls on hygiene conditions at the workplace and housing conditions.
Obviously, this was not happened.”
The outbreak had arrived "once".
Aidenbachstreet unterground : Dangerous dispute : 19 years old falling to the railside after Durch
In a dispute between two young people on the Aidenbachstrasse metro station, a 19-year-old went down by sliding and pointing in the track.
Absendling - On Friday, there was dispute at the Aidenbachstrasse city by16:15 a.m. between two youth groups.
A passingant alerted the police, which approached across frontiers.
According to initial investigation, a Munichese (17) killed a 19-year old.
The young man dropped over the forthern edge on the railway, falling into the trackbed.
People in the 17-year-old group helped to climb from the slope.
There was no risk of an incoming rail.
As the police indicated, there were then further dispute between the two persons.
The 17-year-old was at first able to escape from the scene and its reality could be identified later on.
His father accompanied him to police inspection 29.
One of the 17th-year-olds is witnessed for body injury.
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended.
In the course of a media report, however, the Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, asked for an extension of the period of retention.
In so doing, he wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
After a media report, the German Federal Minister of Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) requires an extension of data retention –ínstead of six months.
As reported by the "Bild am Sonntag", Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine Lamprecht (SPD) asked to make a quick change to the law.
In this way, Seehofer seeks to reinforce measures against child abuse.
He deems it appropriate to carry out 'urgent adjustments in legislation already now' cites the newspaper from the letter.
Data retention is currently suspended.
A decision on this is awaited by the Court.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesperson of the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it was only possible for there to be proper legal adjustments if the courts had taken decisions.
In the struggle against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with the internal ministers of the countries, insisted on data retention in June.
NBA: Strip club angry for Clippers star Lou Williams
Erage in the NBA!
Louis Williams (33), the basketball professor of Los Angeles Clippers, is expected to leave the tournament district at Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permit for burial.
According to US media, he visited the Strip-club "Magic City" during the evening in Atlanta.
Williams, who is to have admitted the visit according to ESPN files, is again testing in Isloation every day on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter, on Sunday, that the NBA Williams had laid down a ten-day quarantine.
Thus the Clippers star misses the first two official plays after the testing phase.
In Disney World, the NBA will finish the Corona season.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing training in the season Final starting over the night on Friday.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich – Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive on Sunday for large farms.
The press conference will be viewed live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has frightened authorities and politicians.
The big vegetable farm currently employs almost 500 harvest helpers from several nations and more than one third has infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
Nobody is allowed to leave the premises; food is supplied.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As crop workers had little contact with the local population, the county council presumed the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Partners of conscience": a confessions of the suspected arsonist of Nantes
"My client has acted cooperatively," said lawyer Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added, “He deeply regrets the acts and that confession was a liberation for him.”
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the event of a conviction, according to the public prosecutor, a man threatens ten years of prison and a fine of EUR 150,000.
The Gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul at Nantes was badly damaged on Saturday last week by a fire.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory investigations hardened suspicion of presidential fires.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
But after a day he was released.
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for closing the cathedral on the eve of the fire.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolishing the 50+1 rule
Former DFB president Reinhard Grindel recommended considering abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"The German soccer scene should at least discuss the conditions and clear rules that we should set for the investor before the European Commission comes to a conclusion", said Grindel der "bild am Sonntag".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
It is therefore not a question of whether or not there is an enough necessity to facilitate the involvement by investors of clubs wishing to break into this phalanx".
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"There is still a legal risk of attracting investment fences to Bundesliga's business platform in a single European market", said Grindel.
Former Director of the German Federal League, "the attempt to promote a greater balance of competition in the Bundesliga is ultimately only undermining the competitiveness of our top clubs in the European level
Even equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive impact.
"FC Bayern makes a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of EUR 500 million and RB Leipzig: EUR 300 million.
The differences between the first three clubs alone are immense.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million," said the 58 year-old.
Looking back over the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and surfed the press rather than talking about it", declared Grindel on the acceptance of an expensive watch which resulted in his resignation in April 2019.
"That worried me greatly in human terms".
He received the gift worth around 11,000 Euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach in compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of that", said Grindel.
“With the ominous present, I have managed to cope entirely undisturbedly and transparently.
Many people at the DFB knew about it".
He never "made a help out of the present," assured the 58-year-old.
"It may be naïve as this form of transparency is the complete opposite of corruption".
Black Lives Matter: injured and one death
The protest against police violence in the United States has been aggravated by Donald Trump’s imposition of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities.
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin a person was killed through shooting while a demonstration took place just across a crossroad.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including federal police officers, used tear gas on Saturday and disrupted contact with demonstrators.
Hundreds of, sometimes armed, protestors marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and called for those responsible for the death of Breona Taylor to be held responsible.
The 25-year-old student had been shot during a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
It was aiming at somebody who didn't live there, and no drugs were found.
When a members of a group who called themselves an armed alliance of black Americans gave one shot on Saturday, three persons were injured.
According to the broadcaster NBC, they were transported to hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police set up barricades because there had been counter-protesters of a white militia as well.
There has been no conflicts between these two groups.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
It has not yet provided any further details on the circumstances
According to New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler told that he, like many in the City, was "irrowering and disgusting" about what has happened.
In the American metropolis Seattle, on Saturday, demonstrators were also warring with the police.
They relayed fires in front of a youth prison construction cars, the police used blend-grenades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
A court building has been set fire in the town of Oakland in California.
A small group of protesters boiled down windows, shot fireworks and blind police officers with lasers, said Ukland's local police at late Saturday evening.
The fire could be re-extinguished quickly.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car was carrying a crowd that demonstrated on a highway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
An investigation has begun.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: historical costumes, despite corona
Although there was no space in the spa town, tourists and artists enjoyed the Racoczy flare of the alternative program.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organisers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy party.
What wants to happen again will become closeness to development again and into urban life. This effort will be achieved by influencing an enforcement programme that requires a successful review.
"I think we succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair," says director of assistance Sylvie Thormann.
The guests would have liked it very well.
In principle, you return to the early days of the Rakoczy festival, as the historicians solely were the focus of this festival.
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
That was the case this year in Corona.
The couple made it comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watching the historical passages and listening to Cuba’s pometry at the casino restaurant.
"I think it's quite pleasant too," said Konhäuser.
They are missing the masses of people that are otherwise part of Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"This is a shame.
"This year the weather would have been extremely perfect".
Rakoczy Tournament will take place again
For the presenters of the historic welcome guests, the alternative program would have in some cases provided larger work.
For example, Christina Gold that, in a normal year, can be seen on Cuba’s garden cafe.
This year she was walking in the town on Saturdays and Sundays in costume.
"That is all the more tiring, otherwise we will have it much easier,” she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
"We are very grateful that this rider quadrille can be held again next year," says President Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that a Rakoczy Riding Tournament intends to be held again after several years' break in 2021.
28 Corona cases in Spain’s Fuenlabrada
Spain's second serious professional football champion CF Fuenlabrada is even sliding deeper into crisis as a result of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomers of the European Corona crisis started to go to A Coruña on July 20, the culmination was followed by the next argument.
By Sunday 28 players or team members had been tested positively, one went to hospital, as the club told.
Fuenlabada from the city southwest of Madrid has currently had the chance to reach the upkeep playoffs.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last minute, the Public Prosecutor investigates the event finding a crisis against public health and the Supreme Sports Authority is looking forward to forced recovery of the club
The players and other team members are in quarantain at a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Food is another problem.
Neither is it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS”.
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation that he had caused intentional threat to public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
By 19 July there were four people infected and all infected were isolated in advance of their departure.
All players and team members became again tested right before the flight on Monday to A Coruña.
At a time when the team was in A Coruña, five or six members of the team were happy.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes prior to the starting-off, said Tebas Llanas.
Police must get rid of veinstiful horses
Two animals have been walking on the streets.
The police led them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6am, a train operator reported two horses to the terrain between the starting point Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the theres motorway line.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
After having won the confidence of horses by the officials, these passed on to a cruise in the carriage.
Cyclist Tony Martin: likely to pursue career
Time specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sport career.
"I am terrific with the team for setting the framework conditions for how and in what form its continuation could be;", said the 35-year-old for the "Frankfurt General Sunday newspaper".
Martin is currently employed at the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the arrival of Corona, had contemplated terminating his career after this year.
In their negotiations with his team, we are also talking about the number of racing days, he said.
Martin said, on the other hand, about other issues which would plague him as a father of a family.
The first thought was: "Quickly return on the wheel again!
Today, I am thinking as a father of a small daughter: What if?
The cycling professioner admitted that there were indeed issues that he is increasingly in his difficulty with.
But now when I took the Corana time, I realised what I have for cycling and how much fun it makes for me.
The driving specialist will simply return to the competition at the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th April).
Bavaria: at least four dead on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets in many places.
For at least three people the motorcycle trip ends deadly.
An 18-year-old pedestrian dies as well.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several, mostly young people died in the weekend.
A 18-year-old motorcycle driver was travelled out by a motor vehicle on Saturday at Schönthal (Cambalá district).
It was unclear why the car came to the unprotection track.
A 22 year old male meeted at Oberbaviern on Saturday with a horse coach.
According to the police, he was headed uphill at Ingelgries.
He struck against that ditch in a lefthand curve.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the twelve occupants in the cart, a man was severely injured and a man were injured slightly, as the police told.
Another lethal accident killed an 18-year-old at the oberpfälzische Bad Kötzting.
He had waited to hit a street on Sunday night so he was overrolled by a 42-year-old car driver.
The police suspected that the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The vehicle driver has no longer been able to brake on time.
At Schönberg (local venue Freyung-Grafenau), another 57 years old biker was pitting forward against a car on Saturday despite full braking.
He died at the location of the accident.
The 57 year old driver suffered a shock and the other three people in a vehicle remained uninjured.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"We have done a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in previous years", noted in the letter.
"The number of motorised motorists killed was falling by about 28 per cent compared to 2011."
Kovac has tested Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - With its new club AS Monaco it will soon be back to Frankfurt.
The Eight-time French master will be welcomed on 6 August (18.00 pm) at Hessen, the former Croatian club.
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly excited about this game.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” explained Kovac.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year old.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian had already taken the successor of the Croatoon upon their agreement.
In March Frankfurt had lost the 8th final match against Basel at its own stadium with 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof near lockdown
Infections during the week have been still increased in the town occupied by the county of Hof, from 39 on Friday to 43 on Saturday, to 47 on Friday (one person
There is also one case in the city of Hof.
The Hof area is thus approaching the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 people in one week.
700 people killed by rains in South East Asia
More than 9 million people have been affected by the severe floods in south-east Asia, especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people have died because of the powerful monsoon carnage.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is trying to reach the isolated people in boats.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Transgressor of the National Park died by the landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park more than 120 rhinars died of landslides.
They are under protection and are considered to be at risk of extinction.
This year, floods are particularly bad, which is based on climate change by scientists.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the southern part of Bangladesh, the State has built apartments for 650 persons displaced by the floods.
So far, only a few have been accommodated.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
There is an overflow of enthusiasm within the borders.
Those who once had a house make up, however small and often like a hut do not want to spend their lives in one large housing block.
Many of these apartments are empty, but, as the government hopes, they will soon be obtained from those whom have lost their homes through the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
The 24-hour results showed that there were 60 new corona infections in Vienna – in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections.
The Vienna State Assurance Directorate and Medical Crisis Service regularly inform public health cases and new databases concerning the Covid-19 virus: on Sunday, July 26, 2020, 8.00 am in Vienna*, 49840 (+60) have received positive tests.
The number of deaths linked to the virus remains unchanged 204.
4.090 (+48) persons are identified.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 on Sunday to 3,288.
A sufferer has, according to the Sanitary Staff, recovered.
By doing so, the number of genuses is increasingly increased up to 2,936.
In the states, 247 patients were currently sick of Covid-19.
To date 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with the lung disease.
Argentina refuses creditors’ counter-offers
The new requirements could not be fulfilled, the Minister of economics in Buenos Aires announced on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible but it would also be unjust", said in one opinion.
"We cannot increase creditors' short-term profits while 50% of the children in Argentina live in poverty".
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
This is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to waive a proportion of their claims of around $66 billion (almost EUR 59 billion).
If agreement is not reached, the country is threatened by bankruptcy once more.
It would be the ninth default in Argentina's history.
The lenders have recently called for higher interest rates on government debt and a change in certain contract terms.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The recent inflation rate was more than 50 percent.
Experts expect an economic downturn of about ten percent in the current year.
By the end of May, Argentina had not paid interest impositions of USD 503 million, thereby slipping in a limited default.
Africa - was not accessible to the private sector yet
„It is going supergut” - this conclusion has been taken by Dr Stefanie Kramer after its first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
The result went very quickly: in mid-May Mr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will take up the successor of Lutz Feller in the Eggenfelden notary department.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
"However, I do still have to arrive privately" , she said during conversation with the Rottaler Advertiser and laughed.
The suggestive invitation period, of course, had not been enough to relocate the food point from Regensburg completely to Eggenfeld.
Now she's concerned with her husband, who is working as a judge at the regional court in Regensburg, in search of a suitable property or home in the city.
At least her husband could apply for parental leave in the short term so that he could have the care of both daughters (31⁄2 years and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to encounter this happening in Regensburg every day, she also asked her parents for a stay in Didingolfing, says the 39-year-old.
Of course, the city of Eggenfelden has been growing up in the nearby area.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
So she was particularly gratified that she had given the scene a competition for an open position.
She also plays a key role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer's professional career: Following the law studies in Passau, she has performed her referendary period, as well as the second State Sexamen in Regensburg.
She played the first position in theaison district in 2012 following certain notarist stations as initially a Notarassessor in Oberfranken, Badenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg.
In 2016 she went onto parental leave. Eventually, she moved to Regensburg.
Since then, she has been holding representative services in several notary authorities.
When the post in Eggenfelden was directed at the close future retirement of Lutz Feller she seen time for full vocational reintroduction, the 39 year olds stated.
Another who becomes part of the notariate profession has taken over fully a team of her predecessor, Dr. Steanie Kramer - and has the praise for the RSA team that would take over.
The fact that she can rely on inspired procedures here makes it easy for her to care about the imminent relocation of private food outlets.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB aims at a league launch with a maximum of 15,000 viewers
The biggest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled 20 percent during the fan return at its start.
Given the obligatory regulation of performance, we plan to make the transition between 12,000 and 15000 spectators at this stage", said Borussia Dortmund’s Government Director, Carsten Cramer,
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
The ghost games of the second season caused by the Corona pandemic led the BVB to lose about four million euros per game.
The Cramer responsible at the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation asks that alongside normal viewing sites some 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again: “It's a blow involving the collapse of sales and revenue.
In the wake of the continuing Corona crisis, all were "goodly advised to take a stable face."
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
The Marketing Chief of Dortmund praised the BVB professionals for basing the amount of pay involved in finding ways of solving the crisis.
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly heaviest than a mackerl of butter, just three spoons of eural blood coming from blood in the whole body: when Gabriel was born, he weighs actually 273 grams.
The bub is one of about 400 early-days caring annually at the Graz Children Clinic.
A quarter of them weighs under 1500 grams, a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extremely lightweight with less than one kilogram of birth weight.
They are born so small and at such an early age that no lung, intestine, or muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so soft that they may infect the electrodes of an ECC.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll-clothes and mini winches which have been made specially for them.
But not so small that they were not voicing - "and how", Bernt Urlesberger complains.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Apart from Corona Theater in classroom, the Whiteboard as a stage was also covered by the 9th class classes of the St. Jacobus School in Abtsgmünd night before reaching an early holiday.
Actress Julia SYLVESTER in the theatre of the town of Aalen presented the production "The home dress" to students by video.
Afterwards, the students had a chance to chat with the actor and director Winfried Tobias about their place and performance via Skype.
The idea for recording was born out of the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
"If we continue to improve the technical framework, that could become an interesting complement to the enterprises", noticed director Winfried Tobias.
The first round: TSV 1860 would meet in the DFB Cup on Warfurt
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This resulted in the draw on Sunday.
Munich - Sixties of potential opponents were coming to the first round of the DFB Cup.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
It was the result of the competition on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Because of the Corona pandemic, the number of participants is not fully completed, spaceholders were used at the draw.
Because of the rolling down of semi-final opponents FC Membingen, the TSV 1860 remains in the final of the Bavarian Toto Cup (September 4 or 5th).
The Lions will met with either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If the second- League championships in Würzburg reach the final,60 would already be equipped for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise, the Giesingers will still have to prevail in the final game against the regional allightist (Aschaffenburg).
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
A film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died on Sunday in Paris at a natural death of 104 years, confirmed her spokesman at the German Press Agency.
De Havilland is best known for their role as Melanie Hamilton in the south-state zone of 'Bridge From Wind' (1939).
Born in Tokyo in a United Kingdom father, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a infant.
The Austrian theatreman Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia by Shakespeare's "Summer night dream".
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the fraking heart.
In 1946 she won the first Oscar in "To Each His Own".
The film was released in Germany under the title "Mother’s Heart".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her leading role (in 1952 ) in the film "My Cousine Rachel".
This has been a success worldwide.
With her long-term friend Bette Davis, she was playing in "Wiegenlied für eine corpse".
The son Benjamin has been born out of her marriage, Marcus Goodrich (1946 to 1953).
Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante in Paris and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also ceased.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
Road to Timmendorf: Beach volleyball: Thole/Wickler miss finals at Comeback
The participants of Julius Tole and Clemens Wicker missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament "Road to Timmendorf".
At the top teams meeting in Düsseldorf, they were down at the half-final with their national colleagues Nils Ehler and Lars flyes following 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19
Last year Thole/Wickler were playing at the World Tour Final in Rome in September.
In the final fixture with Rhine, their Bedwinger Ehlers/flights became defeated against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde at 0:2 (17:21, 17:21).
Besides the show tournament, three starters for the German Championships were came out in Timmendorfer Strand at the beginning of September: Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan
Calbitt hit from AfD has confirmed FDP a ' fig leaf'
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AFD from the perspective of the FDP is only a fig leaf and fully changes the party's character.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far-right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is just part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD”, said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strisser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several more hours of negotiation, the federal court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz, which the Austrian Federal Executive Board rejected by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD were to strictly remove leftist extremists of their party, officials like Björn Höcke and his followers would have long been eliminated," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD to achieve this because the right-wing extremism is now part of the party.”
Similarly, CSU Secretary General Markus Blume said: “That Andreas Kalbitz remains excluded now says nothing, nothing changes” he said to the world on Sunday.
"It talks volumes just how much fanatic supporters a left-wing extremist has left in the midst of Africa".
Plumes underesees that in the future the AfD will once again run below 5 per cent in elections.
"The days of AfD in parliaments are numbered".
Kalbitz had become the leader of the officially dissolved wing around Thuringia at Björn Höcke that constitutional protection categorizes irritation as a "secured extremist right-wing aspiration."
In May, the Federal Board of AfD Indeed removed Kalbitz from the party.
He stated that Kalbitz has not stated earlier membership in the now proven false right-wing German youth (HDJ) and in Republicans when he entered the party.
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains a far-right party, be it with or without Kalbitz."
Neither the Federal Party nor the right wing will be weakened by this decision.
"The manoeuvre of the Meuthen Troop is transparent.
We want to escape further observation by constitutional protection and try to get under the radar" said Walter.
"The AfD will not put the ghosts which it called, rid of.
An expulsion does not change anything in this respect.” declared the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburger SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"The AfD’s association and faction remained a right leader here to this day".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
On Saturday he announced that he will appeal against the court’s decision now on a civil basis.
North Sea wind farms generate over 21 percent more electricity
The wind power plants on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network in the first six months of 2001.
This is close to 21 percent more than in the same period of the same year, network line operator Tennet stated in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and for forwarding it through the German electricity grid.
Wind system in the Baltic Sea, which is not part of Tennet's network, has fed another 2.22 Terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity.
In total, the wind power coming from North and Baltic States is 13.72 TWh, compared to about 11.64 TWh during the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms provide more production capacities
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy is the result in higher production capacities, as new wind farms have entered the new area over the last 12 months.
If 1270 existing wind power stations were all fully installed in the North Sea at the same time they could generate 6.7 gigawatt electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, this should increase to 17 gigawatt in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands we have up to now invested 20 billion euros in improving offshore networks," said Tennnet Executive Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms can not even achieve their capacity at sea, but reach roughly 40 percent.
The record day of this year is January 2, when North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
Average North Sea wind turbines produce around 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity, equivalent to three to four nuclear power stations.
By doing so, nearly seven million households could be supplied with electricity.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold located in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the founder Kunstverein: The exposition opening of "Skirmish" with work by Leipzig artist Christian Bold marked the basis of the daily work in Corona.
Far more friends of art than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent was also offered to the band "Defenders of the Universe" at the Southern Rormhaus Square.
North of the gallery was the Association 'Sandtogether'.
Freitale: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The town of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September.
In other years, over 30,000 people had participated in the city festival.
"We do not have made this decision easy and, knowing how difficult it is for those operators, hoped for it until the last minute," Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg said.
"But ultimately we, the organizer, are responsible for the health of many thousands of people".
If tens of thousands were plounced on the archways there would be no compliance with the minimum distances, hygiene provisions or contact trackings available under the current regulation on coronasal protection.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring cost would increase disproportionately.
Rumberg returned on the matter ahead of the next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, among other things with the Winterberg Festival from May 7th until 9th 2021 and the Day of Saxony from September 10nd to 12
Dressure Olympic winner Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51 year old from the Rheinberg team came to four wins on the weekend at four starts.
After having ever won a Grand Prix in the start with Weighegold and Quantaz, she started on Sunday at Grand Prix Special and in the Kür.
On Saturday at the 15-year-old Stute Weihegold, Werth visibly held herself in action against the Austrians Victoria Max-Theurer at Abegglen.
Thus, on Saturday at Quantaz, Germans reigned quite fully opposite their 34-year-old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer.
Wüth’s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The leading dressing rider in the world is scheduled to establish 10 years' stalemate in the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first job in it.
At the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all the major three challenges.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled there on August 14th to 16th.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University is continuing to move forward to the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" founded a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
"A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has been signed in Worms.
Initially, the agreement was concluded for three years and begins in 2021.
Professors offer a possibility to begin studies not only during Summer but also at Winter Semester.
This will allow twice the number of students to be trained as previously.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will advise the selected academies in the establishment and appointment of professors.
Represented at the university since 2019.
The first students have been in the air traffic management course since the summer of 2019.
Nine students have already started this year.
The experience of the DFS has, up till now, been very positive and the performance of students is great.
The combination of study and pilot training markedly increases the attractiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are definitely counting on air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
To be able to carry out our regulatory requirement in the future, we need highly qualified staff“, said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chief Executive of DFS when the contract was signed.
“This foundation professorship will be a sustainable investment for the DFS - which will enable air traffic controllers to develop within a broad knowledgebased technical framework.
We are thus continuing excellent cooperation with the university, while simultaneously boosting our location as an employer".
That also underlines Professor Jens Hermstorf, president of the University of Worms: "The Foundation professorship forms an important bridge between science and business.
We want to take part in the already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the double bachelor course Air Traffic Management".
Deutsche Flugsicherung hopes to attract the Higher Education and Technology Forces' motivation and commitment to further expand its teaching and research expertise in the fields of future aviation.
Our skilled position leads to an university that would be given special highlights and innovative priority visions for its students with the first basic professor instructing a continuity course in Europe.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary in the Ministry of Science, Training and Culture, emphasises, “The University of Worms has an intrinsic position in Rhineland-Palatinate with its emphasis on air transport.
Today's signature of the cooperation agreement will strengthen the profile of the university".
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
Due to an accident in traffic, the A45 motorway was fully closed on Saturday-morning towards Aschaffenburg.
A 76-year-old went straight forward with a ford at 12.40 p.m. exit Alzenau-Mitte. He landed on the track.
The front airbags sparked off as a result of the accident, including light injuries in the face. The driver had to be brought into hospital for treatment.
The injury suffered by the 72-year-old boarding-passenger was provided by the emergency doctor; the patient was flown to hospital followingly with the assistance.
At present, the police claim that there is no danger to life.
The damaged vehicle, which suffered damages of some 2000 euro, had to be tracked.
Health wants to inspect other sectors in the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions to light once again in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative reinforcements are on the way.
But are they right and will this remain the case?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (SPD) - in addition to the now planned regulations governing misconducts in the meat sector - is looking to inspect other branches of industry.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
German employers are already warning against restricting work contracts generally.
As a result of the massive corona outbreak at the Flemish giant Tönnies in Neorth Rhine-Westphalia, the federal chamber intends to adopt a salvation bill on Wednesday.
Large slaughter shops will no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
In all respects, the application of contract workers and temporary workers is prohibited.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said that we do not want to get down the economy altogether with a global limit on the volume of workplace contracts and employees’ exploitation.
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"Individual misconducts cannot destroy such an important instrument".
“My aim is not to ban work contracts anywhere in the German economy.”
Work contracts make sense.
"If an industrial business orderred a craftsman to install a safety system then that is quite normal work contract".
The German meat industry considers that bans on working contracts and temporary work are unconstitutional in its sector alone.
It should not be explained why more labour law might apply in porting and packaging cheese than in sausages, says an opinion on the legislative project, signed by the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung (Saturday).
Consequently, if a ban were taken place, consumer price would rise by between 10 and 20 percent per kilo of product.
Many Eastern European workers from employment contract companies worked 16 hours a day on the basis of an audit of the NRW Labour Protection Office.
often there was no break.
Support for protective equipment or rent has still been withdrawn.
It is also stated that the situation in accommodation for employees has often been imperfect.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
However, such is concealed by "tricky designs".
"Now we must radically clean up".
The politician said: "The Labour Protection Act which we want to vote in the cabinet at the end of July includes besides measures which affect not just the meat sector, for example increased inspective quotas for employment protection or clear criteria for collective accommodation".
The draft submitted in dpa contains amendments to the laws protecting workers' rights in the meat sector and the legislation on employment protection.
Brandenburgs Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Greens) considers that more stringent controls are necessary.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more staff is also required for inspections.
Three people killed at crash of ultra-light planes in Germany
Three people died when an ultra-light aircraft crashed to a Multi-family house in Wesel in the German federal state of North Rhine Westphalia, according to the police.
A child was slightly injured.
Two more people were being saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district office said.
A parachute was found at the place of accident, the police said.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
This house may be a single or double-family home.
More details were not known soon.
Peaceful clearing of Frankfurt Operanplatz
Week after the riots in Frankfurt, the disclosure of the Opera Square came to an atmosphere in peace over Sunday.
The last few dozen people were there on the site, but left it at at 1.00 p.m. before the opening of the deadlock.
The police had been on duty early evening with hundreds of officials, there has been a greater police activity throughout the city area.
For the first time, there was a ban imposed on entering the Opernsplatz this weekend from midnight, was followed a week ago.
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrators.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
The night from Saturday was also quiet.
Car surged: young women seriously injured in the accident on the Federal Road 83 at Hofgeiskar
During an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injuries at 13.25 a.m.
She was brought to the hospital in Kassel.
The firefighters searched possible fellow drivers with heat-image cameras.
According to police, the woman moved to the public road 83 in direction of their place of residence.
To save the disabled, fire officers have to cut the roof of the car away.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
In fact, the Drone stable from Warburg, working with heavy duty cameras, had also been ordered for the search.
But the intervening forces did not find anyone in a street.
The serious injury was brought to existence in Kassel Hospital by the rescue vehicle.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The federal highway was blocked for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - after a renaissance of Cristiano Ronaldo, the record champion “Juventus Turin” has secured Italian championship for the third time in performance.
The team around the five amateurs of World Soccer has made the 36th Scudetto in the Association History with a 2:0 (1:0) on Saturday night in against Sampdoria Giovanni.
Ronaldo met for 1:0 before halfway.
With 83 points, Turin, which was without the most recently violated ex-national player Sami Khedira, is no longer dispelled from place one 2-day before the start of the A Finally Series season.
The «Inter Milano» side of the table is seven points back.
Juventus was, despite being the prime optical superiority, harmless during the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free-flight variant.
An example by Miralem Pjanic re-erected the 35 years old from the civil space boundary directly with a flat shot (45.+7).
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
In doing so, a glaring but crucial success has been secured.
The foule-meter shot at the 89th minute shall only have pointed the way being to Ronaldo himself in terms of the goal hunter rating.
"It's complicated to remain mental and physically at the top for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the moment changes very easy," trainer Maurizio Sarri said after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the mental exhaustion of players is great, said the Juve Coach.
Because of defeats the Turiner had not yet been able to make the championship perfect.
Its ultimate reassuring lead facing the top of the table was most importantly due to the weakness of the competition.
In the eleven matches in front of the World Cup on Sunday, the Sarri team had only succeeded in five victories.
Whether Ronaldo would still be a British Basket King is questionable.
As the Portuguese superstar has reached 31 goals this time, after his triple pack, he can host 34 hits with the Hellas Verona, so many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's tister profit.
The record in Italy is awarded by the present Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentine provided 36 goals to the SSC Naples in the 2015-16 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the next round, Real Madrid and Manchester City would be waiting as opponents.
Baden-Württemberg: more than 250 illegal authors catched
Stuttgart - In spite of all threatened punishment and court judgements, drivers remain gastro at countless illegal races on the Baden-Wuerttemberg streets. Last year and the first four months of this year, police in the South West registered more
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The races were less focused on organised events as reflected in the Ministry of Interior’s response to a request from the County's SPD.
In most cases, drivers were spontaneous or tried to escape from the police - this is also showed to be an illegal race.
There were mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60.
113 fines - 15 imprisonment
It is only in comparatively few instances that the rasers are caught and he is invited to pay: according to the Minister for the Interior, 113 financial fines have been imposed since 2018 and 15 prison sentences have been issued
But there is no indication that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than before, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes over the past few years, a minister said.
Drivers consistently stop driving on streets, and use the freedom to have a race taking place.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught in lane near Kuchheim and three months afterwards, 18 drivers were in Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular race track
The police even register more races on the A81 than on any other federal highway.
The high speed limit means this target is used to block ridders outside the particularly affected stretch between grave and hostage.
The most eligible sport and luxury vehicles often have Swiss trademarks, because, because of the heavy penalties for fast driving and authoring races in Italy, drivers are often avoiding grassing in Germany.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
"This restriction would be significantly larger if we do not have the legal route here, with over 200 kilometres of motors and more."
We do not agree with them all: "Whoever racially violates all the rules in these manner and is at risk not only to own lives but also to other road parties, can hardly at any speed with reason'.
ADAC calls for a stronger intervention of the police
Yet this is not sufficient for ADAC: "We believe that rasers cannot be dissuaded by temporlimits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport Department and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and stricter controls on the routes concerned.
There are trade fairs for small fields of excitement: three people have died in the race since January 2019 and until April 2020, and two of them involve a nightly crash in Stuttgart’s city centre and one in Gerlingen.
Two young men were forced to give themselves a racing race in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 other people have been injured in the races over the last two years.
The Minister for Home Affairs, though, says there is no need for stricter penalties; 'We have no view of legal action needed to imposition more stringentent penalties on car racing ́; it says in the Department of the Interior.
Blue light of July 23: Thirsty single cruiser steals drinks from snack.
Rohrdorf: Early on Thursday a man splashed into a pump in Rohrdorf (Calaw District) and stolen drinks and cash.
One witness heard noise emerging from nearby valley streets at 3.40 p.m. and ran down towards the snack.
Then he remarked a man who used a fridge with drinks and left the bill after a shut-down door.
The perpetrator flew towards the meadows behind the bazaar.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: He will be about 1.75 metres in height and on a strong stature.
In fact, he was wearing a black headpullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The Police are receiving further witnesses.
Ackermann springs toward victory at a first stage at Sibiu Tour
Cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second second round ever on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu tour.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian partner Gregor Mühlberger took hold the overall team.
In the morning, the 26-year old had decided to drive up the mountain and thus took pride in the classement.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
No less than 18 starters in mountain time had fallen victim to the time limit.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
It has been said that spectators on the starting and finishing lines have not been allowed.
Heading Office launched instructions for citizenship reanimation
Düsseldorf - Tragetic accident happens on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to fire brigade, the emergency call was received just before 13 a.m.
"A travel agency immediately provided instructions of layer restoration," says a fire referrer to BILD.
The emerging rescue forces took over response few days later.
The child living in danger of life was transported to the hospital under rehabilitation.
The reason why it happened is unclear.
The police have now started routine investigations into the consequence of accidents.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and, in some cases, more than 1000 people entered to the "Tuning meeting" on the parking lot of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The police implemented their announcement to have a stronger control over such events.
A large tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg's Southern Town on Saturday evening (25 July 2020.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police of central France, an increased traffic volume in the large parking park centre of the Ingolstadt Straße was determined by the Nuremberg traffic police around 22.30 hrs.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
Only recently the police had announced that they would pursue more protection against "autoposers".
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the 'scene'
Officials counted to the head approximately 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, the police stated.
But there is only a small proportion of users in the automobile and tuning scene.
Apparently the vast majority of the relevant scene complied with the appeal from the police.
The vehicles and individuals already displayed at the site are increasingly incommunicative.
The majority of exhibitors equally maintained the relevant legislation on anti-infection protections, particularly those to meet minimum distance and wear of mouth-nose protection.
The steps taken on the spot were complete at 11:00 a.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles had to be seized.
None races
There have been no illegal motor races.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schröder of the participating downtown company: "These have all beautiful rims which you must not scratch," Schrödinger said.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Also because the cars were wider, the company had to pay utmost attention to not making damage.
"The young people are supposed after all to get their cars back without harm".
Figures from the Agency for Employment: 900 are suspected of abuse in short term work
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"That is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies producing short-term work,", said the Management Board Daniel Terzenbach at "Frankfurt General Newspapers".
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally the review takes up to three weeks.
“We didn’t have all the time at our disposal in this difficult time.
We will therefore look at the final settlements more precisely.
There will certainly be some more progress.
We are not naive and have a long competition".
Evidence of abuse would often come from the affected employees or unions.
The BAE analytic software uses the method to establish patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn.
"Will there be significantly more bankruptcies than in the previous year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The figures still remain unobtractive, Aerrzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 adolescents celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The Collection were dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the government of the Prussian Castles and Gardens Foundation, and was notified at PNN request.
The young people had then left the park.
On Saturday evening, some young people played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow was cleared by a hire driver, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and again illegal parties take place in parks
In the parks of the foundation, there are certain meetings where the distance and hygiene rules of the Civid-19 course are not met.
At the end of June there was a celebration with around 300 people in the Babelsberg Park which saw about 150 people celebrating in the Neue Garten a week later.
Even without corporate regulation, the parks are closed down in the event of darkness.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has long been complaining that visitors would leave more and more waste and destroy protected biotopes.
Illegal park parties have since reached another dimension in Berlin.
In the city of Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, approximately 5000 people were celebrating the night of Sunday an illegal techno party.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass testing after the Corona outbreak at tourist destinations
The US authorities responded to a Corona outbreak in the renowned Upper Austria tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were still expected in the evening.
Accordingly, many of the infected are young trainees professionals in the tourist companies, and some holiday guests also have been positively tested.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday evening.
The locking hour was set at 13 a.m.
"There are cancellations there and there,” said the chief of the Wolfgangsee Tourism Federation, Hans Wieser, which dpa.
Individual guests also are departed upon early departure.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season, around a third of guests are Germans.
The first infections were seen on Friday.
The leader of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the interns who participated in several places and may have been infected there on weekends.
"We all liked to do this in our youth," he said in the radio broadcaster Ö1.
However, two bars were closed on Friday in order to prevent any further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness among young people concerning the dangers of Covid-19.
Since Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
In addition, all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July have been contacted.
It generated memories of the Austrian skiing and party resort in Ischgl in Tyrol that was a center in the early phase of the pandemic throughout Europe.
In total, more than 1 500 people are currently infected by the virus in Austria.
Particular public areas where new infections are concentrated are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualify for Champions League
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
The Red Devils secured the third table value in the last Premier League game, incidentally with a 2-:0 (0:0) success directed against Leicester City.
The Foxes must now just join the Europa League, because the FC Chelsea already got up into it and qualified as the fourth player.
Aston Villa was welcome in the struggle to reverse the descent.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City in the after-play period, Jeanne Lingard (90.+8) reached the end of this contract.
Chelsea, in the Champions League Eighth professional competing of the FC Bayern, thrilled over Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) alongside 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton champions.
"That means very much," said Trainer Frank Lamped, who, in his first season as a Chelsea-coach, is also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal.
Chelsea's victory against Wolverhampton also benefitted Tettenham Hotspur and started, after 1:0, as the sixth victory in the Europe League.
Aston Villa decided, with FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, to compete for class adequacy at West Ham United.
The late demonstrated guidance of Jack Grealish (84.) was followed up with immediate action by Andrej Jarmoleko (85.
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The Club, which passed three trainers in the Season, is coming down after five first League years.
Just like Bournemouth, who was unable to save themselves quietly in FC Everton with a 3:1 (2:1).
One point was missing in the end.
The FC Liverpool, which has been an English champion since mid June, secured itself with a model 3:1 (1:1) wins at Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest score that Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the two pair of pointscs in English soccer.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the Newcastle lead in at the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) sparked a match on Sunday for Liverpool.
“For that amazing club it was an extraordinary season”, stated Torschaetter van Dijk after the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It will be difficult”.
The Premier league bosses should also be satisfied in the end.
Due to the coronavirus crisis, Football in England had been interrupted from March 13th to June 17, 2010.
In the mean time it has even been discussed about a premature cancellation of, or the entry of, the remaining games in an neutral area.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against head of state Netanyahu are becoming increasingly violent.
Violent confrontations have occurred over night.
Israel’s police force bangetred forcefully during the night since Sunday in Jerusalem against those engaged in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative leader, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were arrested for taking part in unrest, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to reports from the media on Saturday evening, a total of about 6000 people had gathered close to Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protesters shook drums, raving in horns, and calling Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of an interdemonstration supporting Netanyahu had also been arrested, reporting the news page "ynet".
People demonstrated at several other places in Israel, including in front of the private villa of leaders of the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly injured at the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations are following the matter of corruption against the Head of Government.
Recently, Netanyahu was also criticised because of his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among others, he was accused of intelligent easings and lack of preparedness for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Unfälle bei Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter kracht auf Auto - 9 Verletzten - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - An random accident caused nine light injuries on Saturday afternoon at the B58 of Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
Police: "probably she had suddenly bracked because she wanted to turn off".
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He seen the car in the rear.
At the time of the accident three people in the car and six in the transporter were slightly injured.
Several rescue cars brought them into a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes the cross border city following Corona suspected case
North Korea perceived hitherto "a shining success" in its own measures to combat the Coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Because of the first official Corona suspect in the country, North Korea has closed off a big city completely out of fear of catastrophe.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defenses in the previous six months, "the malicious virus could have been transported into the country", state media reported.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The communist leaders called at the highest alarm level.
Should the suspected incident confirm, it will be the first official incident of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own statements, had registered no single infection and described its defence measures as being a "shiny success."
The information had been doubted abroad.
The symptoms of illness were reported in the case of an "extrater" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between the South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person deported to South Korea three years ago and has now returned across the border.
South Korea does not yet have a technical confirmation for crossing the border within its four kilometres and largely mined military buffer zone.
However, according to reports by Yonhap, South Korea’s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea to be high.
Some people had been investigated in this respect.
Northern Korea, according to its own indications, in connection with the suspected occurrence, called an urgent meeting of the workplace's Politburo under the chairmanship of President Kim Jong Un.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive disaster".
On Friday Kim ordered to proceed as a prevention measure "to block Kaesong completely and isolate each district and area from anybody else".
The person concerned, as well as all people in Kaesong who have had contact with her, have been put under quarantine.
The central military commission, therefore, will study 'emergence events' and the behaviour of the responsible military unit, and will impose tough penalty if applicable.
According to estimates around 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Exuberance ahead of the Council meetings: City East and noise protection are still the subject of debate before major events of summer.
"In addition to environment content, the members of the boards will attend, among other things, the meeting on the link construction plan on the huge project for downtown development in East".
However, the upgrading of the eastern city is being controversially debated until the end of the day.
The majority in favour is scarcely welcome, in particular in individual committees, too, depending on where they are present.
An appeal from the business sector (building, property, trade, and IT), that is to say that a project developed from a citizenship-based cluster and then managed and then developed by municipal council now faces the failure after almost ten years
"All meaning, it will be better," says Klein, a member of the local council for a year as the only representative of the "Pforzheim Citizens' List".
Indeed, after reading the treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
The city's exit makes it cheaper to rejuvenate the city's technical town hall for Euro 8.5 million contrary to what the town government has claimed: 's small budget size in relation to'.
The city will develop quite differently than expected in the City Hall and by economists.
A day later, in Berlin, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which has also opposed the operation, presented an alternative concept.
It also mainly means rehabilitation of the Technical Town Hall, opening the Schlossberg, renting the Ex-Thales for administrative spaces and improving the town centre in an ideal area with local owners.
Environmental topics play a key role
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The local council will therefore vote, among other things, on the noise action plan.
This incorporates various measures to protect the population of Pforzheim from hazardous noise pollution caused by the traffic, possibly temporary reductions.
In a press release, the local mobile publications club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, on base that city politicians are not blind to the fact that they have only contributed to a massive increase in car transport and thereby noise by neglecting scheduled bus links and by weak commitment to cycle
The municipal council is also voting on the involvement of the city of the energy and climate protection agency of Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Also on the agenda is the launch of accession to the climate agreement of Baden-Wurttemberg, the redefining of parental contributions to the municipal nursery systems and the application for inclusion in the Federal Smart-City support scheme.
Citizens are welcome but must take account of Corona’s security measures.
Tim Zimmerman starts a new season with a lot of delay
With almost half a year delay Tim Zimmermann launches its premier season at ADAC GT Masters on 31 July 2010.
Before the super sports car league officially operates, the first tests were scheduled.
The primary concern of Zimmermann was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 more closely.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With the ABS one must go into the curves differently for instance.
But it really has been a lot of fun".
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange Sports Car in GT Masters.
The Netherlands has already over 25 years of experience in GT sports and has been able to help its brand new team member in many cases.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports at all. But every new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
At the Lausitzring, the GT Masters will also have its first race.
The 33 supercars will ride through Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was last a guest in Motodrom.
“It worked quickly and I have had little getting used to the track,” says Zimmermann, who starts of the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
“The Lausitzring has many fast passages which one needs to meet in a quick manner."
What happens in two weeks: at this time it will become apparent that Zimmermann really was quick.
"Naturally, teams work a little cumberful in the tests," he says.
"We are in the end very pleased and looking forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a tightly strained calendar.
Seven races are foreseen before the beginning of November.
Current stand is that no spectators will be permitted - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
UK Water has been dropped by Quarantine Decisions
The decision by the UK government to quarantine Spanish holidaymakers for two weeks after their return, according to press reports, severely caught the country's Transport Minister.
This is why Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain in particular while his colleagues at home decided on this measure on Saturday.
Because of China’s recurrent economic problems, the London cabinet extracted the country from the list of the countries from which entry without quarantine conditions is possible.
The current regulation will already apply on Sunday and Shapps will have to return to quaarantine after his return.
In Austria, the government also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
However the rule applies to participants who arrive at the date of departure only after Saturday, August 1, and have not been adopted overnight.
Since then, Spain has been classified in Austria as one of the 'safe countries' for which there is no need for a quarantine in Austria.
"Numerous ministers should previously have known that there is the possibility of creating a quarantine for holidayeers in Spain", commented Labour MEP Diane Abboth.
"However, obviously nobody has bothered to tell Grant Shapps about it".
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists particularly blame nightlife for the renewed spread.
Spain is one of the UK's most popular holiday destinations.
The UK Government is currently advising on our failure to travel to mainland Spain, while the Canaries and Balearics are particularly popular among British holidaymakers.
So far in Spain more than 272,000 infections have been recorded with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia : Navy Day: Putin announces hypersonical weapons for war vessels
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These altogether unique weapons spread the battle opportunities offered by Russian naval forces, said Putin at the major naval parade on Sunday in St Petersburg.
The Ministry of Defence also reported to the Firm Interfax on successful testing in the Zirkon structure built for the naval hybrid missile.
The hypersonic weapons have many times the sensory speed of around 343 meters per second.
They are regarded as weapons of the future.
Underwater troppedo is further under construction
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who himself driven by a military boat, showed that this year alone, 40 new vessels would be put in service at the different fleets of the largest country in the world.
Russia has as large a coastal region as not any other country in the world.
For 300 years, the navy has reliably protected Russia, said Putin at Matrossen’s national celebration.
Even in many other Russian shores, the naval forces led parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Munitions were also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Assistance in Corona is made harder
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-SSC pandemic was poorening the work of aid workers,said Abbott, according to the US media.
Evacuated Calls for Precaution
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," said Abbott according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
With regard to hurricanes in Texas, he added, "This challenge is complicated and are further exacerbated, given that it is bumped through an area which is the most affected territory of the state", he said.
According to Johns-Hopkins University, around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called on people who have to leave their homes to be cautious.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It is therefore important that everybody had a distance.
That is why, in some places, hotel rooms had also been made available.
In addition, emergency accommodation measures are to be tested on Corona.
Damage had initially only been reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning to be withdrawn
"Hanna," according to the authorities, had reached the island of Padre Island on landing at wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour, directly front of the coastline of Texas.
The tropical storm has first been classified by Level 1 Hurricane.
For the coast from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first issued and withdrawn later.
Authorities expected a weakening while "Hanna" continues inland and entering North-East Mexico.
"Douglas" moves towards Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected the hurricane to continue to weaken.
According to the forecast, it is expected to remain near Hawaii's largestnist Islands on Sunday, and then be like a storm below the limit of hurricane.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
Because of the available climate data and the higher speed of the water in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the chance of a normal season is 30 percent – on average only ten percent, at the time.
On Twitter, US President Donald Trump wrote that his government is monitoring the storms closely, and is in contact with the states concerned.
Four gates missed: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic fell dismissed in the same way
Naples - Four goals arrived, four doors missing: Sassuolo Calcio ended up enjoying a rabbback evening at the BBC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A- and wast quite clean on the video assistant
"A festival of unapproved goals for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so tough on a team", commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples had lead on by a goal for external defender Alseid Hezaj in the 8th minute, Philipp Djurico began to rid the balance fully to the 32nd minute.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball back into the net.
The attackers Francesco Caputo (50) and Domenico Berardi (61.) also returned by the referee team for consideration of the VAR.
In retrospective time Allan made the 2:0 position perfect for Naples and the bitter night for Sassuolo.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology makes records", writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a short holiday and a few days of training, Hansi Flock must also think about how he can redesign his successful defequalility after the injuries of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The French, who has the third most respectable service minutes behind captain Manuel Neuer and Chief of Mittelfeld Joshua Kimmich had, here, a strong lining up to the right and is trying to miss crucial cclass duels
In Munich’s shnoddle weather, its rights defender cancelled a training game and had to leave the course by using a golf card.
On how long the unrestricted tribal player will be liable for holding out the title, it is open.
The final return to the FC Chelsea on 8 August should see a difficult one, as the 24-year-old can expect from the final tournament, that will be under way on 12 August.
However, Bavarians do not want to be stopped by their misadvice at the training on Sunday.
Flick, on his personal triple formula, named the three attributes he wants to see among his stars on his way to Portugal’s capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration duly increase its winning title collector during the ideally following 28 days, receiving a normal and major-class final game on August 23rd.
"We have simply mastered the duties to run the championship and major tournaments in an excellent manner.
It is now a case of making this special", Mr Flick said.
However, for the final against FC Chelsea, Munich will have the opportunity to deal with some of the details of their final tournaments, rather than a training camp held in the Algarve.
After the 3-0 before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
We first have to walk through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and recharge confidence with a great game," Flick said.
A test of agreement will be made on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long speech, Flick had embroiled August in his stars, who died in Spain after having spent 13 days vacation.
He welcomed 31 players on Sabener Strasse, including the new players around Leroy Sané, who first met all new companions at the place after being awarded Manchester City.
"Leroy, like every new one, has fit neatly", reported Flick.
But, instead of debating the new season, if Sané & Co. can no longer just co-train, Flick talked too much about the current title project of the German series champion.
After days of actioning intended for individual and small groups, team training is now being followed for those in London who, unlike the Flick Ensemble, are working or graduating.
Munich could run a quarter-time finale against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin playing in the semi-finals.
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not that easy", added the head coach, who can rely on the services of his new Assistant, Miroslav Klose, in the training from Tuesday.
The Secretary of the World Cup, Klose and Fick know about certain pieces of joint tournament preparation as particularly important when taking 0 to 100.
With his current team, to work is "a pleasury", Flick praised.
The "focus on the win" is an impeding characteristic of his team.
The tournament with no teams duly hit the scene on Sunday.
Both of the top respondents were all there, including the migratory THiago and defender d’Alaba, whose retirement was essential to be beyond the highest seat.
Formula One needs a special framework in order to pick his World Champion
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
All American races have been cancelled.
The race schedule is becoming ever more specific
The race calendar of the current Formula One Season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
By October we intend to run at the Nürburgring in Germany and at Portimão in Portugal.
Lewis Hamilton and Co., fighting for World Championship Points on the Italian traditional race track at Imola, November 4th.
Thus, the 2020 race calendar includes 13 tracks, according to current requirements.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
Formula 1 will finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar is expected to be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Before the official races already in place in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports say that performances could be held in Vietnam and Malaysia at end of November.
The Rules require races on three continents
The Formula 1 rule, however, requires at least race on three continents to get the World Championship awarded.
However, albeit from just two continents, as is previously being planned, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA is designed to award the title, using a special rule, on the basis of "exceptional circumstances" in view of the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled during the ongoing Corona crisis.
It is not an issue to return to the continent later this year.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be hosted in America this year.
Rejection has been criticised in Brazil
Due to the tense moral situation, the races will not take place in Canada, the US, Mexico and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
Particularly in Brazil, the American ban was criticised: "Yes, the rulers failed to accept. But the reasons for this are unacceptable", said Tamas Rohonyi, the Grand Prix promoter in São Paul
The infection rates in São Paulo are considerably lower than in other parts of Brazil.
The concerns of some teams not going to act in Brazil would, moreover, not justify a denial.
We are preparing for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Misery against Donald Trump went out Around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her encounter with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg is a must-have guest in Stephen Colbert's famous late-time show. They talked about what they had in mind as they were encountering Donald Trump.
Climatic civicist Greta Thunberg was visiting one of the well-known US-Latenight shows in video.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
The teenager also talked about her famous 'evil look', in her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the last two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has emphasised her tireless commitment to the "Fridays for Future" movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday in your show and had a lengthy interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change but also about her conflict with the world's powerful states.
“There are some things that surprised me”, she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
"All this from organized hate campaigns to threats simply because a group of kids comes to the streets".
Heads of State and politicians who, in the social media, are acting to face them or even want to silence them, find them 'relieved' on the comment 'because they have no other answer'.
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The short clip created an animated “GIF” that turned into one of the most popular images for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US President at this moment?
She responded quickly to the relatively open questions asked by Stephen Colbert: 'To be honest, I do not think that needs any further explanation' .
Colbert, an experienced satirist, was unlikely to withten her final response, only to shortly disappear, laughing at her initial position.
Through her “How dare you?” speech on the representative principles of climate change, she remained remembered at the Climate Conference.
EX-Dortmund Immobile with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race around Europes Golden Shoe with Bayerns Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has still had the best chance of becoming a football-royalty in Italy.
The once professor of PRS incorporated three matches at the 5:1 (1:1-11) victory from Lazio Rom in Hellas Verona, including two transformed elevenths in both semi-finals.
So, three years before closing 24 season games, the 30-year-old from the Queen 2 PMP has a handsome track record for his account, as did the same number of BLBB players.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo, with so far 30 goals, the Portuguese superstar met with the lead. In the evening, there always was Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac Co-founder Peter Green dies
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
The bluesrock guitarist Peter Green has now died at the age of 73 years.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully at the age of 73 in a sleep, reported on Saturday in an official statement. The following days an opinion would be announced.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had created the legendary band of 1967 in Londona and still today his dreamed instrumental hit "Albatross" is unforgotten.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green rose fast with Fleetwood Mac - but the band also celebrated its biggest successes without him.
In other words, Green wanted to donate all of the Group's profits for charity purposes.
He started to demonstrate itself in extensive garments and with a large crucifix.
Psychological issues are also meant to have played a role.
Green left the band in 1970 three years after it was set up.
A social decline followed.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, like biographers reported.
Green was treated in psychiatry for a long time.
For a large part of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the arc of the scene.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946, as son of a Jewish working family in the town of Bethnal Green in London.
Since then, he has been thrilled by both the British/American blues musicians like B. King, and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years he learnt the first guitar.
At the age of 15 the teenager started to play professionally as guitar and got the chance to act as actor for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners five years later.
Later, he was assigned as a replacement of his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreakers.
In the middle of the blues boom, Green founded in the summer of 1967 Fleetwood Mac with his bluesbreaker colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In winter 1968/69 the group's record "Albatross" took the first number 1 hit and catapulted it in the top of the UK music scene.
The speedy rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not take over the media and his experiments with the drug LSD are becoming more and more extreme.
He later stated in an interview “The worst thing which happened to me in life is the drugs – the best was to land a number 1 hit.”
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Now, Fleetwood Mac is waming in rapid success on its own in a new formation.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite the same small-scale solo experiences, Green did not reach a larger comeback until 1996 he re-launched a band of friends.
At the time, the British 'Daily Telegraph' mentioned having a rockstar returned to the earth.
Free of drugs, Green published some albums with Peter Green Splinter Group until the band broke up in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
