Bikers react quickly and prevent worse situations
An accident occurred on Friday evening on the road between Beutolsheim and Merklingen where a motorcycle driver was only slightly injured thanks to its rapid response.
Car Driver Overlooks Bikers
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
In this case she oversaw the 24-year-old authorised motorcyclist coming from Nellingen.
Collision will shut down hand and foot braking levers
But the biker nevertheless struggled in the wake of the vehicle.
The plaster was taken from the transfer of manual and foot brake levers into the Suzuki-Trailer and the driver was no longer able to reduce disruption.
At this stage he controlled his motorcycle apart from the track.
Biker suffers an injury
However, the visitor suffered helpless injuries due to a crash of his car, in which he had to be treated in clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection, 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a mass waste infection on a large vegetable farm in the Cape Wellbouring, almost 500 people are disadvantaged and can no longer leave the farm.
The ban is overseen by a security service.
A total of 174 prototypes were been tested favourably at the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2, as announced by the County Council office in Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday night.
"In order to prevent further spread, we unfortunately need to take this step in favour of protecting the population", described Conventor Werner Busmeder (CSU).
Seven employees had previously been infected at the business, which was the reason of the test.
The farm is a large establishment, where strawberries, cucumbers, carnas and red beds are produced, but where castings originate only for stainless glasses.
Mamming is a rural town with more than 3300 inhabitants within a few minutes from Dingolfing with its major BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to maintain calm: "We understand that this is a closed consortium of people".
On the farm, infected personnel have been separated from those elsewhere, the terrain is now surrounded by a lock-out fence.
Greens and the SPD gave the state government a share of responsibility.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting inspection of housing for seasonal workers.
"This can just be a bitter argument if such local infection continue to occur and regional lockdowns have to be ordered" said Jürgen Mistol, a Green Parliamentary Director.
The SPD would also like it. "We have already called for an isolated control programme to cover farms with cultivated farmers in mid May after the Cornoa outbreak in the meadows.
"In our view, we need to have sharp controls on hygiene conditions at the workplace and housing conditions.
It is obvious that this has not happened."
The outbreak had come "by announcement".
Aidenbachstraße underground: dangerous dispute - 19 years of arrest passed a distress to Schubser
In a dispute between two young people on the Aidenbachstrasse metro station, a 19-year-old went down by sliding and pointing in the track.
Obersondling- On Friday an action has arisen between two youth groups.
A passingant alerted the police, which approached across frontiers.
According to initial investigation, a Munichese (17) killed a 19-year old.
The young man dropped over the forthern edge on the railway, falling into the trackbed.
For men and women starting out here we would have had more opportunity to looking and creating something for them.
There was no risk of making access to a railway.
As the police have said, conflicts have subsequently resumed between the two.
The 17-year-old was at first able to escape from the scene and its reality could be identified later on.
Accompanying his father, he joined Police Inspectorate 29.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges a longer retention of data
Data retention is currently being suspended.
According to a media report, Horst Seehofer, Germany’s Minister for Interior Affairs, has called for an extension of the lasting period for storage.
The European Council's aim is to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
After a media report, the German Federal Minister of Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) requires an extension of data retention –ínstead of six months.
As reported by the "Bild am Sonntag", Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine Lamprecht (SPD) asked to make a quick change to the law.
Seehofer therefore intends to reinforce the measures aimed at countering child abuse.
It is useful to establish urgently needed adjustments in the law as soon as possible", quotes the newspaper in the letter.
At the moment, data retention is suspended.
A decision at the European Court of Justice is expected to be taken in respect of this.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesperson of the Ministry of Justice said to the newspaper that it was only possible for there to be proper legal adjustments if the courts had taken decisions.
In the struggle against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, together with the internal ministers of the countries, insisted on data retention in June.
NBA: Strip club annoyance for Clippers-Star Louis Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball professional of Los Angeles Clippers, should abandon the Tournament Quarter in Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permission to leave.
According to US media reports, she still attended evening school 'Magic City', in Atlanta.
Williams, who is to have admitted the visit according to ESPN files, is again testing in Isloation every day on Covid-19.
His reason for a visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
This was a great point for major events in the USA, between the 10th and 20th centuries.
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
In this way, the Clipper star misses the first two officially prepared parties after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA prepared to finish the Corona season.
The best 22 teams are currently preparing training in the season Final starting over the night on Friday.
Süder has expressed an opinion on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has announced on Sunday a test offensive on large farms.
The press conference will be seen live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has appearently appalled authorities and policymakers.
Currently, almost 500 crop workers from various countries work in the greenhouse, with more than one third people having been infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one is allowed to leave the area and foodstuffs are delivered.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
As crop workers had little contact with the local population, the county council presumed the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Partners of conscience": a confessions of the suspected arsonist of Nantes
"My client has shown itself cooperatively", said Lawyer Quentin Chauft in the newspaper.
The defender added, “He deeply regrets the acts and that confession was a liberation for him.”
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the event of a conviction, according to the public prosecutor, a man threatens ten years of prison and a fine of EUR 150,000.
The Gothical Cathedral of Saint Peter and Paul in Nantes was seriously damaged by a fire last night on Saturday.
The fire had broken off at three places far away from each other in the Church.
Laboratory examinations would reconsider the suspicion of fire formation.
The now imprisoned suspects were arrested just a few hours after the fire.
However, after one day, he was released again.
The man has been working as the volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fires.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discuss the abolition of the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has suggested that we should consider abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss defining conditions and clear rules for investors before the European Commission creates a major fact", he said.
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
It is therefore not a question of whether or not there is an enough necessity to facilitate the involvement by investors of clubs wishing to break into this phalanx".
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a jurisdictional risk to enforce fences for business in a European internal market".
Former Director of the German Federal League, "the attempt to promote a greater balance of competition in the Bundesliga is ultimately only undermining the competitiveness of our top clubs in the European level
Even equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive impact.
"FC Bayern is making a turnover of EUR 750 million, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
In other words, the differences are already enormous even among the first three clubs alone.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million," said the 58 year-old.
Grindel feels betrayed in view of the past.
"Unfortunately, people have noticed this failure and have pushed it through unto the press instead of addressing my comment", said Grindel on the approval of a costly clock which led to his resignation in April 2009.
"This has been a concern for me on a human basis".
He received the gift worth around 11,000 Euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach in compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of that", said Grindel.
“With the ominous present, I have managed to cope entirely undisturbedly and transparently.
Many people in the DFB were aware of this."
He never made a hedge from the gift, assured the 58-year-olds.
"People may call it naïve; in any event, this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
Black Lives Matter: injured and one death
The protest against police violence in the United States has been aggravated by Donald Trump’s imposition of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities.
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin a person was killed through shooting while a demonstration took place just across a crossroad.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including federal police officers, used tear gas on Saturday and disrupted contact with demonstrators.
Hundreds of, sometimes armed, protestors marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and called for those responsible for the death of Breona Taylor to be held responsible.
The 25-year-old student had been shot during a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
The razzia was aimed at anyone who did not reside in the area and no drugs were found also.
When a member of a group, self-identified as the armed alliance of black Americans, shot on Saturday, three people were injured.
According to the broadcaster NBC, they were transported to hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
There has been no conflicts between these two groups.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
The Commission has so far not provided detailed information on the circumstances in question.
According to New York Times, Mayor Steve Adler told that he, like many in the City, was "irrowering and disgusting" about what has happened.
In the American metropolis Seattle, on Saturday, demonstrators were also warring with the police.
They burned builders in front of a youth prison, police used blanded granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were arrested for resistance against policemen and injury to the body.
A court building has been set fire in the town of Oakland in California.
A small group of protesters boiled down windows, shot fireworks and blind police officers with lasers, said Ukland's local police at late Saturday evening.
The fire could be re-extinguished quickly.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car was carrying a crowd that demonstrated on a highway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
Investigations have been initiated.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historic costumes in defiance of Corona
Although the great rest in the spa town was missing, visitors and actors enjoyed the crazy flair generated by the alternative programme.
It has been unusual for visitors, performers or organizers: the Rakoczy Weekend without Rakoczy Festival.
What wants to happen again will become closeness to development again and into urban life. This effort will be achieved by influencing an enforcement programme that requires a successful review.
I think we have succeeded in spreading Rakoczy-Flair", says Curator Sylvy Thormann.
The room was very clean and comfortable.
In principle, you return to the early days of the Rakoczy festival, as the historicians solely were the focus of this festival.
Enjoyable atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
That was the case this year in Corona.
The couple made it comfortable at the Luitpold Casino, watching the historical passages and listening to Cuba’s pometry at the casino restaurant.
"I believe this is so pleasing", says Konhäuser.
They are missing the masses of people that are otherwise part of Rakoczy.
We need two most common program highlights in around Europe.
“This is a pity in fact.
"This year the weather would have been extremely perfect".
Rakoczy Tournament will take place again
For the presenters of the historic welcome guests, the alternative program would have in some cases provided larger work.
For children and adults, we think that good care is an important proposition both together.
This year she was walking in the town on Saturdays and Sundays in costume.
"This is already more complicated, otherwise it will be easier," she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
"We very much hope that we will be able to resume next year" said Chair Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 Corona cases in Spain’s Fuenlabrada
Spain's second serious professional football champion CF Fuenlabrada is even sliding deeper into crisis as a result of a Corona outbreak.
Since the upcoming military government on July 20, 1958, Corona had been made eligible.
By Sunday, 28 players and team members had been tested positively, one had come to the hospital, as its club states.
Fuenlabrada from the town which is known southwest of Madrid had a chance to win it.
Now even the decline into the B group of the Second League is threatening.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last minute, the Public Prosecutor investigates the event finding a crisis against public health and the Supreme Sports Authority is looking forward to forced recovery of the club
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Another issue is the food.
It was neither good nor adequate, wrote "AS".
The manager said that they were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation that he had caused intentional threat to public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Treaty has not been in breach of the Cormona rules established by the Football Federation, emphasised Javier Tebas, President-in-Office of the Spanish Primera Division, as we met by the European Press News
Prior to departure, there were four infected populations before July 19, but they were all isolated and not explored.
Immediately before flying to A Coruña on Monday all players and members of our team have been tested again.
At a time when the team was in A Coruña, five or six members of the team were happy.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attack, Tebas Llanas said.
Police must capture scraps of steam
Two animals have been walking on the streets.
The police delivered them back to their owners.
On Sunday morning just before 6 a.m. some transport operators announced two open-handed horses on the training route between Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld, and the Theres motorway traffic centre.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
After winning the trust of our horses just before the steambomper was assembled, the horses immediately would inevitably carry a hard cock.
Professional Tony Martin: career continuation imagineable
Time travel specialist Tony Martin thinks about a continuation of his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven-time World Champion Tony Martin can certainly imagine going ahead with his career.
"I am terrific with the team for setting the framework conditions for how and in what form its continuation could be;", said the 35-year-old for the "Frankfurt General Sunday newspaper".
Martin is currently employed at the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the arrival of Corona, had contemplated terminating his career after this year.
The course of the negotiations with our team was influenced by the number of days of race, he said.
Martin said, on the other hand, about other issues which would plague him as a father of a family.
The first thought was: "Quickly return on the wheel again!
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think: what would happen if?
The cycling professioner admitted that there were indeed issues that he is increasingly in his difficulty with.
"But I would feel good when back from Corona's time to realise what I possess on cycling and how much fun this might take me," she said.
The driving specialist will simply return to the competition at the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th April).
Bavaria: At least four deaths on Bavaria’s streets at a weekend
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets in many places.
For at least three people the trip with motorcycle ends deadly.
Another 18 years old pedestrian died.
Schönthal - In the event of accidents on the streets of Bavaria, several, mostly young people died in the weekend.
An 18-year-old motoriker was taken on Saturday from a car thrown on the reverse track near Schönthal (Cham district).
It was unclear why the car came to the unprotection track.
A 22 year old male meeted at Oberbaviern on Saturday with a horse coach.
According to the police at Anglies, he was on duty.
He burst on the fore after a turn.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the 12 witnesses in the coup, a man had been seriously injured, as the police reported.
Another lethal accident killed an 18-year-old at the oberpfälzische Bad Kötzting.
He walked into a street during the night until Sunday and was rallyed by a 43-year-old driver.
As the police predicted, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The vehicle driver has no longer been able to brake on time.
At Schönberg (local venue Freyung-Grafenau), another 57 years old biker was pitting forward against a car on Saturday despite full braking.
He died at the location of the accident.
The 57 year old driver suffered a shock and the other three people in a vehicle remained uninjured.
The safety of motorcyclists was addressed on Saturday by Bavaria's Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"In recent years, we have achieved a great deal in enhancing the safety of motorcyclists,"
"The number of motorised motorists killed was falling by about 28 per cent compared to 2011."
Kovac testes Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) Today the campus is one of the most successful on technological terms in the world.
The Eight-time French master will be welcomed on 6 August (18.00 pm) at Hessen, the former Croatian club.
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly looking forward to this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” Kovac said.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year old.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
As all Frankfurtes I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again," says Eintracht-Trainer Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian started to apprehend the Croatian attitude.
In March Frankfurt had lost the 8th final match against Basel at its own stadium with 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof near lockdown
Infections during the week have been still increased in the town occupied by the county of Hof, from 39 on Friday to 43 on Saturday, to 47 on Friday (one person
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
So the Hof area is moving closely to critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in a week.
700 people killed by rains in South East Asia
More than 9 million people are affected by severe floods in South East Asia, particularly in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people have died because of the powerful monsoon carnage.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is pursuing efforts to reach the isolated persons.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Transgressor of the National Park died by the landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 armoured raiders died by landslides.
They are under protection and are considered to be at risk of extinction.
Throughout this year, floods are particularly bad, which was shown by scientists to result in Climate Change.
Bangladesh, according to the United Nations, is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
Vacancies in new homes are empty
In Cox’s Bazar in Bangladesh, the state built apartments for 650 people displaced by floods.
So far, very few have intervened to date.
It is difficult to bring people into Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm abounds in Breneden.
Those that previously had a house, in fact like the small state, often couldn't want to live in a large residential block.
Many of these apartments are empty, but, as the government hopes, they will soon be obtained from those whom have lost their homes through the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
The 24-hour results showed that there were 60 new corona infections in Vienna – in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections.
The State Medical Crisis Management's division Vienna and the European University of Vienna regularly provide, on saturday 26 July 2020, 4,840 (+60) positive tests confirmed in Vienna.
The number of deaths connected with the virus remained unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48) persons are welcome.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
On Sunday, the number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 to 3,288.
It has been reported that a person affected by animals is newly regenerated.
As a result, the number of genes rises to 2,936.
In West Germany, 247 patients have been living ill today from the covid-19 virus.
To date 147,253 tests have been carried out.
About 105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects collateral offer from creditors
The new demands could not be met, explained on Saturday by the Department of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires.
"This would not only be irresponsible but it would also be unjust", said in one opinion.
"While 50 per cent of children live in poverty in Argentina, we cannot increase the short-term return on our creditors."
The debt of the second largest economy in South America is no longer sustainable under current conditions.
This is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to waive a proportion of their claims of around $66 billion (almost EUR 59 billion).
When no agreement is reached, the country will again be in danger of faced with economic defaults.
This would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
The lenders have recently called for higher interest rates on government debt and a change in certain contract terms.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
Inflation has been more than 50 percent recently.
Over the current year experts expect a fall of around 10 per cent in economic strength.
By the end of May, Argentina had not paid interest impositions of USD 503 million, thereby slipping in a limited default.
Africa - was not accessible to the private sector yet
"It runs supergood" given that Dr Stefanie Kramer has started his debut in the Notariat in Eggenfelden.
The result went very quickly: in mid-May Mr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will take up the successor of Lutz Feller in the Eggenfelden notary department.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
"So far I still need to arrive privately," she explains to the Rottorian science director and laughs.
The suggestive invitation period, of course, had not been enough to relocate the food point from Regensburg completely to Eggenfeld.
Now she's concerned with her husband, who is working as a judge at the regional court in Regensburg, in search of a suitable property or home in the city.
At least her husband could apply for parental leave in the short term so that he could have the care of both daughters (31⁄2 years and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to encounter this happening in Regensburg every day, she also asked her parents for a stay in Didingolfing, says the 39-year-old.
Of course, the city of Eggenfelden has been growing up in the nearby area.
At local visits she, with her family in the last months, said: “Eggenfelden is a very nice small town”.
They so much appreciated the opportunity in opening the competition for selecting free place.
Frankfurt is the world's largest employer in sophisticated business environments.
After these days she sought to start two different spaces, including in Rehau and Hof, Oberfranken, Babenhausen and Regensburg.
In 2016, she went to parental leave, and eventually moved to Regensburg.
Since then, she has been holding representative services in several notary authorities.
When the post in Eggenfelden was directed at the close future retirement of Lutz Feller she seen time for full vocational reintroduction, the 39 year olds stated.
In short, Dr. Stefanie Kramer has declared and has now received a staff from the high-quality program.
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB aims at a league launch with a maximum of 15,000 viewers
The biggest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled 20 percent during the fan return at its start.
Given the obligatory regulation of performance, we plan to make the transition between 12,000 and 15000 spectators at this stage", said Borussia Dortmund’s Government Director, Carsten Cramer,
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
In the ghost matches of the last season caused by the Corona pandemic, the BVB had lost approximately EUR 4 million at the end of each match.
The Cramer responsible at the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation asks that alongside normal viewing sites some 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again: “It's a blow involving the collapse of sales and revenue.
In the context of the ongoing corona crisis, everyone is in the good position to tackle the gap between this objective and the constant quest for a stable side ground".
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
The Marketing Chief of Dortmund praised the BVB professionals for basing the amount of pay involved in finding ways of solving the crisis.
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly higher than a packerl of butter, just three different inherited blood throughout the body: This was Gabriel, when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
It is one of 400 breakfasts complete every year at the Graz Children's Clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so small and at such an early age that no lung, intestine, or muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so soft that they may infect the electrodes of an ECC.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll-clothes and mini winches which have been made specially for them.
But not so small that they were not voicing - "and how", Bernt Urlesberger complains.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona Theater in the classrooms: the Whiteboard was used for the 7th anniversary of the St. Jakobus School in Abtsgünd.
Creator Julia Schylvester from the City of Aalen Theatre presented to students, in a video, the production "The Home Organisation".
As a result, students were able to exchange ideas and experiences with the actress and director Winfried Tobias by Skype.
The idea for the performance format from the current situation was born.
Teacher Teresa Nar was delighted with its enrichment in classrooms.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
"If we continue to improve the technical framework, that could become an interesting complement to the enterprises", noticed director Winfried Tobias.
The first round: TSV 1860 would meet in the DFB Cup on Warfurt
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This prompted the first encounter on Sunday.
Munich - Sixties of potential opponents were coming to the first round of the DFB Cup.
The Lions would meet on the Frankfurt track if they were successfully qualified.
This was shown on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Since the field is still not fully explored for the Corona pandemic, members of the group required the appropriate placement offer.
The final conference runs on September 4, or 5.
In this area the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoriaschaffenburg.
If Silver League bikes were to reach the finished finish, we would already qualify for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Alternatively, Giesinger would have to stand in the race against regionally swept Aschaffenburg.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
A film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film actress and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday at 104 years of natural death, confirmed her spokesman in the German press agency.
He was well known for his role as Melanie Hamilton in the southern government, "Beware of Winds" (1939).
Born in Tokyo in a United Kingdom father, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a infant.
The Austrian theatreman Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia by Shakespeare's "Summer night dream".
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she shot with the fraking heart.
In 1946 she won the first Oscar in "To Each His Own".
The film was released in Germany under the title "Mother’s Heart".
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
She became famous for her acting roles in the epic movie 'My Cousine Rachel'.
This has been a success worldwide.
She played in "Wiegenlied for a corporation" with her many yearr old friend, Bette Davis.
From his marriage with a writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 until 1953) the son Benjamin was born.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke out.
Rumours of an affair with previous British prime minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
Road to Timmendorf: Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss finals at Comeback
The participants of Julius Tole and Clemens Wicker missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament "Road to Timmendorf".
During the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorfer they were assigned their national team counterparts, Nils Elfers and Lars, with 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Last year Thole/Wickler were playing at the World Tour Final in Rome in September.
She was living in Germany as an exception.
Besides the show tournament three driving courses for general German championships between the start of September have been played in Timmendorfer Strand.
The FSD testifies to calbit emitted from afD.
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AFD is, from the viewpoint of the FDP, a sequencer and nothing will change the character of the Party.
AfD is the parliamentary arm of right-wing extremists in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is just part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD”, said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strisser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
The Federal Court of the AfD therefore confirmed the disqualification act of Kalbitz, which was taken by a majority in May last Saturday in Stuttgart, following several times of negotiation.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD is really about rigorously withdrawing right-wing extremists from its party, officials such as Björn Höcke and his supporters would have long been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will for this in AfD because right-wing extremism has become part of the party".
Similarly, CSU Secretary General Markus Blume said: “That Andreas Kalbitz remains excluded now says nothing, nothing changes” he said to the world on Sunday.
"It talks volumes just how much fanatic supporters a left-wing extremist has left in the midst of Africa".
Plumes underesees that in the future the AfD will once again run below 5 per cent in elections.
"The days of AfD in parliaments are numbered".
Kalbitz was a negotiating leader for both the Germans and our citizens while Constitutional Protection also decided that they play a part in emergence as the "safe and extremist right racists".
In May, the Federal Board of AfD Indeed removed Kalbitz from the party.
For a first time in Germany, the Group has officially considered that the prorality of the negotiations must be improved in formality.
Kalbitz persistently disputes membership in the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains a far-right party, regardless of whether with or without Kalbitz.
Neither this decision will weaken the federal party nor the right wing.
"The manoeuvres of the Meuthen Group can be highly transparent.
"We hope to avoid more monitoring by constitutional protection and try to get off the current radar," Walter said.
"The AfD will not take away the spirits it called.
The decision in this case will always move forward,” said Erik Stohn, CEO of Brandenburg’s SPD.
"It is in that context that the AfD country association and the Group have thus to date held their right leader".
The legal dispute over Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
As the German government announced on Saturday it would now be taking civil action against the rulings of the Federal Constitution.
North Sea wind farms supply globally 21 percent more electricity
The wind power plants on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network in the first six months of 2001.
This is just around 21% more than during the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet announced in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and for forwarding it through the German electricity grid.
Wind system in the Baltic Sea, which is not part of Tennet's network, has fed another 2.22 Terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity.
In total, the wind power coming from North and Baltic States is 13.72 TWh, compared to about 11.64 TWh during the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms provide for increased production capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy is the result in higher production capacities, as new wind farms have entered the new area over the last 12 months.
If 1270 existing wind power stations were all fully installed in the North Sea at the same time they could generate 6.7 gigawatt electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the North Sea of Germany.
"In Germany and the Netherlands we have up to now invested 20 billion euros in improving offshore networks," said Tennnet Executive Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea, either, but account for around 40% of the output.
The record day of this year is January 2, when North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt elerctricity, equivalent to three or four nuclear power stations.
By doing so, nearly seven million households could be supplied with electricity.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold located in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a little celebration to mark the 130th birthday.
Leipzig artist, Christian Bold, took over the usual opportunity which the Chicago Kunstverein was born to celebrate.
Much more friends of art than usual pursued the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the art association, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent was also offered to the band "Defenders of the Universe" at the Southern Rormhaus Square.
The Company "Sandtogether" was built from apartment with 9 people living in the centre of northern France and is over 15 months old.
Freitale: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled
The Windberg festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three day celebrations scheduled in September.
In other years, more than 30,000 people have visited the event.
"We do not have made this decision easy and, knowing how difficult it is for those operators, hoped for it until the last minute," Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg said.
"But after all, we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people here.
The fact is that if tens of thousands were included on the contingency and the adjacents, minimum distances, hygiene and follow-up found in the Consumer Protection Regulation could not have been met.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring burden would rise disproportionately.
A new chapter of the European Parliament concluded in 1991.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, first with its Winterberg Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the days of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2020.
Dressur Olympics winner Werth in Achleiten plans to resign her attendance
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51-year olds from Rhineberg came to four wins on the weekend at four starts.
Following her joint win at four tournaments, she was extremely happy to mention projects in Equine Chandeliers.
On Sunday of the 15th edition of the visit under Wiesegold, Werth saw her intended and prominent activities against Victoria Max-Theurer from Austria.
Furthermore, on Saturday on Quantaz the German rescued their 34 years old student, Victoria Max-Theurer.
-The winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The leading dressing rider in the world is scheduled to establish 10 years' stalemate in the Grand Prix.
In Quantaz it was the first surcharge which they had ever achieved.
Even at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Verth won all four important tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for August 14th to 16.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
Wormser University is continuing its skills: its "DFS Deutsche Air Traffic Monitoring" institutes a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
A similar contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
Initially, the agreement was concluded for three years and begins in 2021.
It is possible to start studies in other areas, both in the summer and in winter.
That makes it possible to have twice as many students as they have until now.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will advise the selected academies in the establishment and appointment of professors.
Represented at the University since 2019.
The first students have been in the air traffic management course since the summer of 2019.
Nine students have already started this year.
So far, the experiences of the DFS are very positive and the performance of students is very excellent.
The combination of studies and pilot training is a key contributor to still further improving the appeal of pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are expecting air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
To be able to carry out our regulatory requirement in the future, we need highly qualified staff“, said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chief Executive of DFS when the contract was signed.
“This foundation professorship will be a sustainable investment for the DFS - which will enable air traffic controllers to develop within a broad knowledgebased technical framework.
We are thus continuing excellent cooperation with the university, while simultaneously boosting our location as an employer".
This also underlines Professor Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms: "The foundation built a significant bridge between science and business.
We want to take part in the already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the double bachelor course Air Traffic Management".
Progress in the area of the future of transport and technology is agreeable.
In working for the controllers of tomorrow the university can place very special highlights and introduction centres for their students with the first professor on a dual course of studies.
“The University of Worms has a unique leading position in the Ruhinand-Palatinate in research efforts with a focus on aviation”.
Today's signing of the Cooperation Agreement strengthens the profile of the University".
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
A45 motorway was mostly closed since safety helicopters were used after a traffic accident in Aschaffenburg on Saturday morning.
A 76-year-old went straight forward with a ford at 12.40 p.m. exit Alzenau-Mitte. He landed on the track.
The front airbags sparked off as a result of the accident, including light injuries in the face. The driver had to be brought into hospital for treatment.
The injuries of the 72–year-old Christopher have been provided with national aid from the entire staff, and the patient has flyed to hospital for the rescue.
At the moment, however, the police considers that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, in which the total damage was meeting 2,200 euros, had to be taken off.
Health wants to inspect other sectors in the meat industry
The Corona crisis raised up the state of affairs in parts of the meat industry.
Legislative tightening is on-going.
But are they right and will this remain the case?
Germany ́s Minister for Employment, Hubertus Heil (PSC), will be reviewing other sectors in the meat industry according to the EU’s new strict legislation on maladministration.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
After the massive Corona outbreak at the Tönnies gathering in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Office will pass a decision on Wednesday to put and enforce a law for sanctuary.
Big slaughter organisations would no longer be authorized to employ foreign staff in slaughter, dismantling or meat processing.
In all respects, the application of contract workers and temporary workers is prohibited.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said that we do not want to get down the economy altogether with a global limit on the volume of workplace contracts and employees’ exploitation.
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"Individual misconducts cannot destroy such an important instrument".
“My aim is not to ban work contracts anywhere in the German economy.”
Work contracts are justicable.
"If an industrial business orderred a craftsman to install a safety system then that is quite normal work contract".
The German meat industry considers that bans on working contracts and temporary work are unconstitutional in its sector alone.
It should not be explained why more labour law might apply in porting and packaging cheese than in sausages, says an opinion on the legislative project, signed by the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung (Saturday).
Consequently, if a ban were taken place, consumer price would rise by between 10 and 20 percent per kilo of product.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
Often, they did not have a break.
Pay has been available for protective equipment or hire.
It is also stated that the situation in accommodation for employees has often been imperfect.
Christine said that a relatively strong law had already entered into force within the meat industry in 2017.
This is the role that artists in the world quickly automatically decided to take forward.
"A fundamental decision must be made now".
The politician stated: 'In the Labour Protection Act which we want to adopt at the Cabinet at the end of July, there are also measures which covers not only the meat sector - for example, higher inspection quotas to protect workers
The draft below contains amendments to the law on the safeguarding of workers' rights in the meat industry and the labour protection law.
Brandenburg’s Minister for Consumer Protection, Ursula Nonnemacher (Green), considers intensified controls needed.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But greater controls are needed by more staff.
Three deaths when the aircraft crashed in Germany
Three people died when an ultra-light aircraft crashed to a Multi-family house in Wesel in the German federal state of North Rhine Westphalia, according to the police.
A child has been slightly injured.
Two more people were being saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district office said.
A parachute had been found at the accident point, the police said.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
This house may be a single or double-family home.
More information on this issue was initially unknown.
Peaceful clearing of Frankfurt Operanplatz
One week after the outbreaks in Frankfurt, the phasing out of the opera square took place on Sunday in a peaceful note.
The last few dozen people were there on the site, but left it at at 1.00 p.m. before the opening of the deadlock.
The police had been on duty early evening with hundreds of officials, there has been a greater police activity throughout the city area.
This week, they first introduced a ban on all occupants from midnight.
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrators.
At least five civil servants have been injured during police missions, and several police vessels have been damaged.
the night was very quiet as well.
Car surged: young women seriously injured in the accident on the Federal Road 83 at Hofgeiskar
During an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injuries at 13.25 a.m.
She was brought and directed to the hospital in Kassel.
With the help of heat-creation cameras the fire service was looking for possible boat drivers.
According to police, the woman moved to the public road 83 in direction of their place of residence.
In order to save its disruption, the fire brigade has had to separate the roof of the car.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
The warm-screening standard in Germany, also equipped with carbonic imaging cameras, was implemented in a private search facility.
By contrast, no one found size and value of an object.
The serious injury was brought to existence in Kassel Hospital by the rescue vehicle.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The State Street was blocked for two hours after the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - after a renaissance of Cristiano Ronaldo, the record champion “Juventus Turin” has secured Italian championship for the third time in performance.
The group surrounding the world football team made the 36th Scudetto in the competition history perfect in Division style on Sunday evening for Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo met at 1:0 before mid-term.
With 83 points, Turin, which was without the most recently violated ex-national player Sami Khedira, is no longer dispelled from place one 2-day before the start of the A Finally Series season.
The «Inter Milano» side of the table is seven points back.
Despite emphasis on topics, Juventus was harmless in the first half of the coming phase, and Ronaldo worked with the most recent steps.
On November 37, 1844 the city of Romaus asked to request partial construction of survey.
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
In doing so, a glaring but crucial success has been secured.
Against the dimensions of inventors, this luminous petal of stainless steel was never seen unconsecrated.
"It's complicated to remain mental and physically at the top for 90 minutes.
The games are strange and the momentum changes very easily," Maurizio Sarri said three days later at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Followed the defeat, the fans did not have the chance to make the championship perfect.
The ultimately reassuring jump at the top of the table, most likely because of the small issues faced by competitors.
In the eleven matches in front of the World Cup on Sunday, the Sarri team had only succeeded in five victories.
Whether Ronaldo would still be a British Basket King is questionable.
More than 5.000 Spaniards have sold back since 2006 plus from 2000 to 2004, compared to 800 others, and in 2010, the Byzantine Market Commission can now have its name only.
Previous professorship of Gonzalo Higuaín has held the record in Italy.
The Argentine provided 36 goals to the SSC Naples in the 2015-16 season.
On the 40th of August the new 'Old Lady' of the Italian football will be awarded the next title.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the coming C.O. Round, Real Madrid or Manchester City might be waiting as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: more than 250 illegal authors catched
Last year, a report of more than 250 illegal aquarters has already been issued by the police in the southwest in spite of all of the threatened treaties on the Baden-Wuerttemberg roads.
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The races were less focused on organised events as reflected in the Ministry of Interior’s response to a request from the County's SPD.
In most cases drivers had met against one another or fled the police - i.e. that is indicated to be the illegal race.
First and foremost German men between the ages of 18 and 60 were here.
113 fines - 15 imprisonment
The farmers are caught and forced to pay - under the Ministry of the Interior, 113 financial penalties have been imposed since 2018, and 15 fines have been imposed.
However, there is no evidence that the number of illegal authors in fact rises.
Instead, other drivers reacted more sensitively than before, owing to the many tragic accidents and processes over the past few years, a minister said.
The city is particularly popular with regard to racing.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught in lane near Kuchheim and three months afterwards, 18 drivers were in Merklingen.
A81 is the most popular racing track
In addition, the police register even more races in the A81 than in any other state motorway.
The perpetrators receive extraordinary tests in the practice range -- even if required beforehand.
The most eligible sport and luxury vehicles often have Swiss trademarks, because, because of the heavy penalties for fast driving and authoring races in Italy, drivers are often avoiding grassing in Germany.
For the SPD, 'with a general speed at 130 km, we would manage this problem by motorways', says Martin Rivoir, the transport expert from the SPD State Group.
"This restriction would be significantly larger if we do not have the legal route here, with over 200 kilometres of motors and more."
We do not agree with them all: "Whoever racially violates all the rules in these manner and is at risk not only to own lives but also to other road parties, can hardly at any speed with reason'.
ADAC calls for stronger police involvement
Yet this is not sufficient for ADAC: "We believe that rasers cannot be dissuaded by temporlimits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport Department and Environment at ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even harder controls on the routes in question.
Not only will the environmental economy become painful and consequently more serious at that generation: since January 2019 and until April 2020, three people have died in the race throughout the country and two of them not being engaged in
Two young men were expected to have delivered their bodies there in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 more people have been injured in the races of the past two years
However, for internal affairs, Thomas Strobl considers that more stringent penalties are not necessary: 'legislative action to undermine illegal car races is not seen' , said in the Secretary of Interior paper.
Pat Offight on July 23: Disturbances steal inscrubbers out of the pump
Rohrdorf: Early on Thursday a man splashed into a pump in Rohrdorf (Calaw District) and stolen drinks and cash.
A witness heard noise in the circular street at 3.40 p.m. and traveled towards the revelation.
Some private buyers made the way according to the national standards.
The perpetrator flew towards the meadows behind the bazaar.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: it is approximately 1.75 to 1.80 metres high and of robust stature.
In fact, he was wearing a black headpullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
More evidence was obtained from the police.
Ackermann springs toward victory at a first stage at Sibiu Tour
Cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second second round ever on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu tour.
The 26-year-old painter from the team of Bora Hansgröhe made his entry and finish in the mass sprint even on regular Saturdays.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
In the overall analysis, the Austrian team member Gregor Mühlberger won a prize.
In the morning, the 26-year-old had decided to ski over mountains, taking up the top in a classic situation.
Only 104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening.
No less than 18 participants were killed during the mountaining season.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
Throughout the tour, drivers and maintenance staff have been separated in isolated hygienic bubbles by the organizing team as well as from the media.
Watchers at start and finish were unauthorised.
Its central authority issued instructions on the re-treating of layers
Düsseldorf - Tragetic accident happens on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to the fire brigade, a emergency call was received soon before 13:00.
"A travel agency immediately provided instructions of layer restoration," says a fire referrer to BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took off the revitalization measures little later.
The child who is on danger of living has been imported to the hospital under renovation.
The reason why it happened is unclear.
The police have routinely started the investigations into the cause of accidents.
Commissioner: "We expect a tragic accident in the apartment".
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
At Sunday evening, hundreds of cars and more than 1,000 people took part in a tuning meeting in the parking area of a furniture housing.
The police implemented their announcement to have a stronger control over such events.
On Saturday night, 25. July, 2020, a major tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg’s south-west city.
Several hundreds of vehicles were involved.
According to police of central France, an increased traffic volume in the large parking park centre of the Ingolstadt Straße was determined by the Nuremberg traffic police around 22.30 hrs.
The police then carried out a wide amount of checks on vehicles in that area.
Only recently the police had announced that they would pursue more protection against "autoposers".
Illegal Tuning meetings in Nuremberg: small part of the "scene"
Officials counted to the head approximately 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, the police stated.
But there is only a small proportion of users in the automobile and tuning scene.
Apparently the vast majority of the relevant scene complied with the appeal from the police.
The vehicles and individuals already displayed at the site are increasingly incommunicative.
The majority of exhibitors equally maintained the relevant legislation on anti-infection protections, particularly those to meet minimum distance and wear of mouth-nose protection.
The control measures carried out on the ground ended at 1:00 a.m.
In all, officials found that in 10 vehicles such constructive changes had been made that operational authorization had withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles have needed to be secured.
No authors
There have not been illegal author rivalries.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The News5 agency spoke to Jürgen Schröder of the participating downtown company: "These have all beautiful rims which you must not scratch," Schrödinger said.
Special bands would be used for this purpose.
Due to the expansion of our own cars, the company must also ensure that it does not make any damage.
"The young people should finally enjoy their cars without damaging them".
Work agency figures: 900 suspected cases of short-time abuse
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"That is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies producing short-term work,", said the Management Board Daniel Terzenbach at "Frankfurt General Newspapers".
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally, the testing will last up to three weeks.
"Not as much time has been available for us at this hot stage.
We will therefore look at the final settlements more precisely.
I am certain that a lot will be achieved.
We are not naïve and we are having a long breath".
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions involved.
The BAE analytic software uses the method to establish patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in the autumn.
“Will there be far more insolvencies than in the previous year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The figures still remain unobtractive, Aerrzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party disassembled in New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, around 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The Collection were dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the government of the Prussian Castles and Gardens Foundation, and was notified at PNN request.
These young people would then have left the park.
Indeed, on Saturday evening, a few adolescents would have been playing in the new garden of Rugby.
The Mediterranean lake had been cleared by vacators, the PLSP spokesperson Frank Kallasee said on Sunday.
It always takes place illegally in parks
The permanent collection is being carried out in these parks where Covid-19 water control regulations are not being observed.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without corporate regulation, the parks are closed down in the event of darkness.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has been complaining for some time that users are leaving more and more waste and destroying protected biotopes.
In Berlin, in the meantime, illegal park parties have reached a different dimension.
In the city of Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, approximately 5000 people were celebrating the night of Sunday an illegal techno party.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass testing after the Corona outbreak at tourist destinations
With hundreds of tests, authorities have responded to a Corona outbreak in the popular tourism site of St. Wolfgang, Upper Austria.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
This means that many of the people who are infected are young trainees in tourism enterprises, but at least one tourism guest has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourists were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturdays evening.
The closing hours were fixed at 11pm.
Within the context of its disposal some efficient regulations with the USA have been imposed.
Guests arriving in individual cities had to depart early, too.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season, around a third of guests are Germans.
The first cases of infection were publicly known on Friday.
The head of the District Authority, Alois Lanz, defended on Saturday the conduct of personnel who were celebrating and who may have invaded these places.
"We all liked to see that happen in our youth," he said to the radio channel Ö1.
However, two bars were closed on Friday in order to prevent any further infections.
The Tourism Council launched an informational campaign to raise awareness of the danger of Covid-19 amongst young staff.
Since Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
We were also in touch with all the guests who were in St. Wolfgang starting on July 15th.
It generated memories of the Austrian skiing and party resort in Ischgl in Tyrol that was a center in the early phase of the pandemic throughout Europe.
In total, more than 1500 people are currently infected by the virus in Austria.
Particular centres of the release of new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualify for Champions League
WASHINGTON (dpa) - The Organization for International League for Services issued a support base in the United States.
During the past Premier League day, the Red Devils was securing third table placement named Leicester City by having a 2:0 (0:0) success.
The Foxes must now just join the Europa League, because the FC Chelsea already got up into it and qualified as the fourth player.
Aston Villa was welcome in the struggle to reverse the descent.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City in the after-play period, Jeanne Lingard (90.+8) reached the end of this contract.
Chelsea wins 21:0 (200) against Wolverhampton fickers at World Champions League eighth.
“This is a very big alternative for me,” said trainer Frank Lampard who finished the USA Cup finale against Arsenal during his first season as a Chelsea coach.
Chelsea's victory against Wolverhampton also benefitted Tettenham Hotspur and started, after 1:0, as the sixth victory in the Europe League.
Aston Villa decided, with FC Watford and the AFC Bournemouth, to compete for class adequacy at West Ham United.
The subsequent leadership was started by Andrew Jarmolenko (85.).
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club which featured three trainers in that season is scaled down after 5 leading Years.
Just like Bernemouth, who was no longer able to salvage himself through a 3-1 (2:1) with FC Everton.
In the end, there was no point.
The FC Liverpool, already confirmed as the English master since the end of June, was able to make a constitutionals record with a 3:1 (11:1) victory of Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest level to which the Reds ever reached in a football season.
French football contracts won equal payers for both both international and European competition teams.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the Newcastle lead in at the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) sparked a match on Sunday for Liverpool.
“It was an exceptional season for this wonderful club,” Torschütze van Dijk said following the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It is becoming difficult".
In the end the Premier League bosses are likely to be satisfied.
The coronavirus crisis meant that the American football project in England was disrupted from 13 March to 17 June 2007.
Meanwhile, in fact, discussions have even been held about early cancellation or the organisation of the remaining games on a neutral floor.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against President Netanyahu's governance is getting increasingly strong.
There have been violent conflicts over night.
Israel’s police force bangetred forcefully during the night since Sunday in Jerusalem against those engaged in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative leader, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were arrested for taking part in unrest, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to reports from the media on Saturday evening, a total of about 6000 people had gathered close to Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protesters shook drums, raving in horns, and calling Netanyahu to resign.
Participants of an interdemonstration supporting Netanyahu had also been arrested, reporting the news page "ynet".
People demonstrated at several other places in Israel, including in front of the private villa of leaders of the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police specification near Tel Aviv because of the suspicion that he had sprayed pepper spray from a car driving screen around off the streets.
Another man has been arrested following a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the nation.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured at the neck.
There have recently been frequent demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and in Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations are associated with the corruption process against the head of government.
Recently, Netanyahu was also criticised in its handling of the Corona crisis.
These elements, amongst other things, are addressed to him by anatorically surrendering and insufficient preparation for a second positive growth.
The corporate-crisis has seriously impacted this country’s economy.
The rate of unemployment has recently been more than 20%.
The number of new cases involving the coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to record levels.
Unfälle bei Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter kracht auf Auto - 9 Verletzten - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de.
Ahlen - An random accident caused nine light injuries on Saturday afternoon at the B58 of Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
The police say: 'its presumption was that they breached them because they wanted to leave'.
That should probably have been seen too late for the driver of a Mercedes-Transporter that came behind her.
He came back to the car.
At the time of the accident three people in the car and six in the transporter were slightly injured.
Several rescue cars brought them into a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes the cross border city following Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen a "shining success" in its own security measures to address the coronavirus.
The country is now reporting upon a suspected situation for the first time.
Due to first formal Corona suspicions at the country, North Korea has closed a large town simply out of fear of a disaster.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defenses in the previous six months, "the malicious virus could have been transported into the country", state media reported.
The region around the Bordertown of Korea has been affected as a result of emergency conditions.
The communist leaders called for the highest level of alarm.
Should the suspected incident confirm, it will be the first official incident of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea have so far not registered a single infection and described its preventive actions as a "showing success".
The information has been in doubt abroad.
The symptoms of illness were reported in the case of an "extrater" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between the South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person deported to South Korea three years ago and has now returned across the border.
South Korea does not yet have a technical confirmation for crossing the border within its four kilometres and largely mined military buffer zone.
However, according to reports by Yonhap, South Korea’s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea to be high.
Continueing investigation against some people has been carried out.
Some American officials reported that North Korea convened an emergency meeting on Saturdays on thespring of the suspected inquiry, led by Chairman Kim Jong UN.
"The dangerous situation in Kaesong could generate a deadly and destructive catastrophe".
Kim already organised on friday 'as a preventive measure to block Kaesong completely and isolate each district and region from others', he said.
The person concerned, and all people in Kaesong who had contacted them, had been placed under quarantine.
The central military commission, therefore, will study 'emergence events' and the behaviour of the responsible military unit, and will impose tough penalty if applicable.
It is estimated that this region is home to around 300,000 people.
Exuberance ahead of the Council meetings: City East and noise protection are still the subject of debate before major events of summer.
"In addition to environment content, the members of the boards will attend, among other things, the meeting on the link construction plan on the huge project for downtown development in East".
However, the upgrading of Eastern City is a topic that is ultimately controversial.
The majorities for this are scarce, especially in individual committees, depending on their presence there.
An appeal from the business sector (building, property, trade, and IT), that is to say that a project developed from a citizenship-based cluster and then managed and then developed by municipal council now faces the failure after almost ten years
"All think we should know better," said Little, who, for a year, has been the sole representative of the Pforzheim Register.
Indeed, after reading the treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
These were many, but they were not characteristic rights around Germany after 1848.
The city will develop quite differently than expected in the City Hall and by economists.
A day later, in Berlin, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which has also opposed the operation, presented an alternative concept.
It also mainly means rehabilitation of the Technical Town Hall, opening the Schlossberg, renting the Ex-Thales for administrative spaces and improving the town centre in an ideal area with local owners.
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The local council will therefore vote, among other things, on the noise action plan.
This includes a number of measures in order to protect the population of Pforezheim from noise pollution resulting from road transport through certain temperatures.
It shows that in Berlin, Germany does not want to see it changed. This has always offered the way to a new office in Berlin.
The Municipality Council also votes on the participation of the city of Pforzheim/Enzkreis, both the energy and climate action agency.
It is also the agenda for Great Britain to accede to the Society for Climate Protection.
Citizens are welcome, but they have to take Corona's own safeguards into consideration.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann begins the new season
With almost half a year delay Tim Zimmermann launches its premier season at ADAC GT Masters on 31 July 2010.
Before the super sports car league officially operates, the first tests were scheduled.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from wrapping his first journey in the new Lamborghini Huracan from Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under specific hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, we need to move in the curves in a different way.
But it really has been a lot of fun".
Zimmermann was also especially happy with Steijn Scothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
The Netherlands has already over 25 years of experience in GT sports and has been able to help its brand new team member in many cases.
"I am not a beginner in motorsports, but every new series brings new challenges throughout the field," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I follow us and we have also made enormous progress from session to session".
It is on the stage of Lausitzring that the GT Masters will start their first race.
On 31th July, the 33 Supersportcars will be launched.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers, knows what really happens.
He was last guest in the Motodrom in 2015.
"It worked quickly and I had to get used to the route a bit " Zimmermann says.
"The Lausitzring has a lot of speedy passages that can be easy to reach".
This  comes to light in two weeks time.
"Naturally, teams work a little cumberful in the tests," he says.
"We are in the end very pleased and looking forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring".
Racing in Brandenburg will be the start of a densely pressured calendar.
Seven races are scheduled to begin at the beginning of November.
The current state is that no viewers will be permitted, but there will be a prominent guest.
In mid August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 pilot Niko Hülkenberg will get out on the GT steering wheel.
British Minister for Transport of Quarantine Waste
The decision by the UK government to quarantine Spanish holidaymakers for two weeks after their return, according to press reports, severely caught the country's Transport Minister.
This is why Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain in particular while his colleagues at home decided on this measure on Saturday.
Because of China’s recurrent economic problems, the London cabinet extracted the country from the list of the countries from which entry without quarantine conditions is possible.
The new arrangements will have to be adopted from now, Sunday, when Shapps returns to Quarantine.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures on returnees.
However the rule applies to participants who arrive at the date of departure only after Saturday, August 1, and have not been adopted overnight.
Since then, Spain has been classified in Austria as one of the 'safe countries' for which there is no need for a quarantine in Austria.
"Numerous ministers should previously have known that there is the possibility of creating a quarantine for holidayeers in Spain", commented Labour MEP Diane Abboth.
"However, obviously nobody has bothered to tell Grant Shapps about it".
Virtually a month after the end of the Corona crisis in Spain and the expiration of the strict block-ups, infections are once again increasing in the country.
Virologists particularly blame nightlife for the renewed spread.
Spain is one of the UK's most popular holiday destinations.
The UK Government is currently advising on our failure to travel to mainland Spain, while the Canaries and Balearics are particularly popular among British holidaymakers.
To date, more than 272,000 infections have been reported in Spain and more than 28,000 people have been killed.
Russia: Marine Day: Putin announces hyperechanic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
With such unprecedented weapons in the world, the mighty warfare opportunities of Russian naval force would be increased, said Putin on Sunday later in September in St Petersburg in the central naval parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
Hypersound weapons have in many ways the sound speed of about 343 metres per second.
They are being considered to be weapons of the future.
Underwater Tropedo will continue to be built
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has such a vast coastline as no other country in the world.
For nearly 300 years, the navy has been protecting Russia reliably, said Putin during the day which Matrosen has celebrated nationally.
Even in many other Russian shores, the naval forces led parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Assistance in Corona is made harder
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening fluxes, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, notified the US climate agency, at night on Sunday (local time).
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency in many districts.
The Texas-SSC pandemic was poorening the work of aid workers,said Abbott, according to the US media.
Evacuated Calls for Precaution
"Every hurricane is an immense challenge," says Abbott, according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
With regard to hurricanes in Texas, he added, "This challenge is complicated and are further exacerbated, given that it is bumped through an area which is the most affected territory of the state", he said.
According to the Johns Hopkins University, some 5,000 people have died so far in Texas alone as a consequence of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution among people who should leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It was important that everyone maintained distance from it.
That is why, in some places, hotel rooms had also been made available.
In addition, an emergency housing scheme could be tested in Corona.
Damage had initially only been reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Stormus warnings resumed
According to governmental information on Padre Island, it was located on shore of a country bordering the Texan coast with wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour.
The tropical storm has first been classified by Level 1 Hurricane.
For the coast from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first issued and withdrawn later.
Authorities had expected a weakening, whereas "Hanna" continued to move internally and to north East Mexico.
Douglas has moved to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Center expects it to further weaken.
Soon it is expected to be near the largest islands of Hawaii - shortly below Hurricanian threshold.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year within the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength.
despite available climate events and rising water temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean countries, the chances of a normal season are just 30%, and only 10% according to the average.
US President Donald Trump wrote via Twitter that his government has been following the storms carefully and in contact with the countries affected.
Four gates lost: video assistant 'punished' Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic fell dismissed in the same way
Naples - Four goals arrived, four doors missing: Sassuolo Calcio ended up enjoying a rabbback evening at the BBC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A- and wast quite clean on the video assistant
"A festival certainly outside the doors of Sassuolo.
VAR has never turned up against such a team," commented "Corre dello Sport".
Host Naples was led through a gateway by Foreign Defense Defender Elseid Hezaj in the eighth minute, the 32nd minute Filip Djuricc initially certified compensation.
The video assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a remote position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot a ball again - the VAR activated yet again.
However, it was also the achievement of the IAA.
In a retrospective period, Allan has set the 2:0 final for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfectly.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology generates records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern München: Pavard infringes
Munich (dpa) - This event started in a federal programme in Munich.
Hansi Flick, regenerated after a short holiday and only a few hours of free training, should consider new ways of trying to implement his online claims after the attack organised by the World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
Francis, who has three parties heavily inflicted on his left and threatened to miss major rolling vows by those holding in the mixed minority line.
In Munich’s shnoddle weather, its rights defender cancelled a training game and had to leave the course by using a golf card.
On how long the unrestricted tribal player will be liable for holding out the title, it is open.
The final return to the FC Chelsea on 8 August should see a difficult one, as the 24-year-old can expect from the final tournament, that will be under way on 12 August.
Bavaria, however, would not want to be halted by the misunderstanding coming out of the training on Sundays.
Flick translated into his personal triple formula the three attributes he would like to see for artists on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration will be shown for a pre-eminent title collector in the scenario in the next 250 days right until the 30th of August.
"We succeeded in mastering and winning our tasks excellently.
It is important that particular work is still going to be done", said Flick.
However, for the final against FC Chelsea, Munich will have the opportunity to deal with some of the details of their final tournaments, rather than a training camp held in the Algarve.
After the 3-0-minute participation prior to the Corona-pause in 2012, Londoners in their national arena should not focus on become Bavaria’s nightmare again.
We first have to walk through the door.
We want to win, create a favourable set of conditions and build trust with a good performance", Flick stated.
A test of agreement will be made on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
Flords had long talked to his stars who had a 13 day stay in a unique August.
Soon after landing in Manchester City in 1928, he considered the site to be much more accessible.
"Leroy has thus embedded all of his new products well," reported Flick.
However, instead of talking about the new season, if Sané & Co. can't just join in, Flick much rather talked about the current general German series champion title project.
After days of actioning intended for individual and small groups, team training is now being followed for those in London who, unlike the Flick Ensemble, are working or graduating.
Munich could run a quarter-time finale against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin playing in the semi-finals.
A road up to the final in Lisbon 'is not quite simple", emphasized the chief coach who can trust in the service of his new assistant, Miroslav Klose in the training from Tuesday.
The Secretary of the World Cup, Klose and Fick know about certain pieces of joint tournament preparation as particularly important when taking 0 to 100.
With his current team, to work is "a pleasury", Flick praised.
"Focusing on winnings" is a source of imponderment for his team.
The tournament with nine teams also on Sunday revealed ambitious considerations.
As of 20 August , the Naxion War broke down.
Formula One needs a special framework in order to pick his World Champion
As not enabled on the requested number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise in order to capture the World Cup titles.
All American races, however, have been cancelled.
The race schedule is becoming ever more specific
The race calendar of the current Formula One Season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
By October we intend to run at the Nürburgring in Germany and at Portimão in Portugal.
On the beginning of November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. compete for World Cup points on the Italian track Luppi in Imola.
This will include 13 races according to current levels in the 2010 race calendar.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
Formula 1 is scheduled to finish its season in Asia.
The final race calendar is expected to be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Both the already official races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December could, according to media reports, still be performed in Vietnam and Malaysia by the end of November.
Regularly, races must be carried out on three continents
The regulation on Formula One requires, however, at least races on three continents for World Championship.
However, albeit from just two continents, as is previously being planned, there should be a World Champion.
By means of a special rule, FIA aims to grant titles on the basis of the 'exceptional circumstances' caused by pandemic of coronaviruses.
The traditional season start in Australia in March had to be cancelled as a result of the recent corona crisis.
A return to the continent later this year is not an issue.
Moreover, Formula One will not be present this year in America.
Rejection has been criticised in Brazil
Due to the tense moral situation, the races will not take place in Canada, the US, Mexico and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
The bankruptcy in the United States came facing criticism, and in Brazil in fact: "We cannot summarize our reasons for this.” said Tamas Rohonyi, promoter at the Grand Prix of São Paulo.
The infection rates in São Paulo are considerably lower than in other parts of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We need to be prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Misery against Donald Trump went out Around the world
Greta Thunberg discussed her meeting with America’s president Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg has been staying guest at the well-known Central Luntenight show by Stephen Colbert. She talked about what she could do in her meeting with Donald Trump.
Klimaatkivist Greta Thunberg was visited by video-connection in a popular US Latenight Show.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
She also talked about her famous "evil look" during her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, a climate activist Greta Thunberg has drawn attention to her tireless commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
She talked about her plans for the future and her encounter with American President Donald Trump at last year’s United Nations global climate summit.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday in your show and had a lengthy interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change but also about her conflict with the world's powerful states.
"There are some things that have surprised me," she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
All of this has happened from organised hate campaigns to threats just by a group of children taking it to the streets.
Heads of State and politicians who, in the social media, are acting to face them or even want to silence them, find them 'relieved' on the comment 'because they have no other answer'.
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The short clip created a GIF – an animated picture, which has at the end become one of the most common images used for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think at this time about the US president?
She only replied briefly to Stephen Colbert's relatively unanswered question: 'To be honest, I believe that there is no need for any further explanation'.
The experienced caractician Colbert had probably not expected to respond, and shortly failed in a laughable way.
She met many people at the climate conference with her free speech on climate change policy.
Ex-Dortmund Immobiles with three packages for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race around Europes Golden Shoe with Bayerns Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has the strongest opportunities to become a torch king over the Italian football competition.
There are two of those invoiced in the posterior to discussion made by the Associate General Affairs of public limited authority.
So, three years before closing 24 season games, the 30-year-old from the Queen 2 PMP has a handsome track record for his account, as did the same number of BLBB players.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo, with so far 30 goals, the Portuguese superstar met with the lead. In the evening, there always was Sampdoria Genoa.
Fleetwood Mac cofounder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
The bluesrock guitarist Peter Green has now died at the age of 73 years.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully during sleep at the age of 73, and told colleagues on Saturday in an official information that another opinion would be announced for the coming days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton have acknowledged Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists of the past.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a 'monumental loss' for all former and presently members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood, and the guitarist Green, had founded the so far legendary band in London in 1967. It is still rememberable.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green had a rapid advance with Fleetwood Mac, but acknowledged their high successes without him.
In other words, Green wanted to donate all of the Group's profits for charity purposes.
He begins to appear in the wide street or at a major suburb.
Psychological problems must also have played a role.
Green left the band in 1970 three years after its establishment.
The economic decline has been accompanied by a social decline.
The bluesrock guitarist was suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated for a long time in psychiatry.
During many years of the 1970s the musicians disappeared from the imagery.
He is to have lived temporarily on the streets, worked as a graveyard gardener and spent a while in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946, as son of a Jewish working family in the town of Bethnal Green in London.
Already in young years he was enthusiastic for music guarantees such as King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years of age, he learned the first guitar strikes.
At the age of 15 the teenager started to play professionally as guitar and got the chance to act as actor for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners five years later.
Just a few days later, he was committed as an alternate to his Idol Eric Clapton in the Bluesbreakers.
Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the heart of the blues boom in the summer of 1967 together with his bluesbreakers Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In winter 1968/69 the group's record "Albatross" took the first number 1 hit and catapulted it in the top of the UK music scene.
The speedy rise soon showed its shadows: Green did not take over the media and his experiments with the drug LSD are becoming more and more extreme.
This opportunity for negotiation of a mutual identity in its own right may be helpful.
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
For the time being Fleetwood Mac, without it in a new format, is floating on a success wave.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite suitable programs, Green won’t have a greater comeback until 1996 with a group of friendly musicians.
At the time, the British 'Daily Telegraph' mentioned having a rockstar returned to the earth.
Free of drugs, Green published some albums with Peter Green Splinter Group until the band broke up in 2004.
He had been a blues legend for musical experts and with his gentle sound he was one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
