Bikers react quickly and prevent worse situations
An accident occurred on Friday evening on the road between Beutolsheim and Merklingen where a motorcycle driver was only slightly injured thanks to its rapid response.
Drivers Overlook Bikers
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
In this case she oversaw the 24-year-old authorised motorcyclist coming from Nellingen.
Collision will shut down hand and foot braking levers
The biker was trying to divert from the passenger car, evidently finding a position near the rear industry of the vehicle.
The surface process eliminated the thumb heels at Suzuki risk and the driver was no longer able to brake down.
At the moment, he controlled his motorcycle in the greenstrips next to the tract and left them without any crash, anyway.
Bikers suffer injuries
Due to the collusion with car, the biker did not suffer injuries and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a porona-mass infection at a large vegetable farm in the Bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and cannot leave the housing.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest helpers have been positively tested for the Corona AG Sars-COV-2, as reported by the State Sectoral Office of Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening.
"In order to prevent further spread, we unfortunately need to take this step in favour of protecting the population", described Conventor Werner Busmeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees were infected in the company, which was the causes of the test.
The resort offers a large vegetable farm, producing select sorts of strawberries, cucumbers and cold and red beads – but only beans for insulation vessels.
Mamming is a rural community with a population of 3300 and located close to Dingolfing with its big BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to enjoy calm: "According to our information this is a closed section of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD gave the state government a share of responsibility.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of housing of seasonal workers.
"This may be insidious if such local infections are involved and regional lock downs are to be organised," states Jürgen Mistol, Head of Parliament of the Greens.
It is quite similar to the SPD: "After the corona outbreak in the middle of May, we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvest workers", says Environmental expert Florian von Brunn
"In our view, we need to have sharp controls on hygiene conditions at the workplace and housing conditions.
This has obviously not happened".
The outbreak had come "with an annoyance".
Aidenbachstraße subway station: Dangerous dispute: 19 years olds fall into the railroad after Schubser
In a dispute between two young people on the Aidenbachstrasse metro station, a 19-year-old went down by sliding and pointing in the track.
Obersendling -- Friday a government-elected dispute between 2 youth groups ran to the Aidenbachstrasse underground station near 16.15 a.m.
One passant alarmed the police, which traveled with multiple stripes.
According to the first investigations, a Munichese (17) brought to the ground a 19-year-old.
The young man slipped over the railway tracks, and fell into the barbed.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There was no danger with the entry of the railway.
As the police indicated, there were then further dispute between the two persons.
The 17-year-old wanted to escape from the place of treatment, but his personnel could be identified subsequently.
Following his father he went to the police inspection 29 last year.
For the 17-year-olds it is possible to examine the situation on matters of body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges a longer retention of data
Data retention is currently under suspension.
Federal Minister of Interior Horst Seehofer, however, requests, after a media report, an extension of the storage period.
It is therefore intended to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister of Interior - Horst Seahofer (CSU) - following a media report - demands an extension of the amount of data retention - a half-year instead of the ten weeks envisaged.
As the “picture on Sunday” reports, Seehofer Minister for Justice Christine Lambrecht (SPD) asked in a letter for a fast legislative change.
Seehofer therefore wishes to reinforce measures to combat child abuse.
It is useful to establish urgently needed adjustments in the law as soon as possible", quotes the newspaper in the letter.
Presently, data retention is suspended.
A European Court of Justice decision on this is expected.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesman from the Department of Justice said to the newspaper that he would only be able to investigate effectively whether regulatory adjustments are needed if courts had decided.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, along with the country’s Home Affairs Ministers, even decided to express a support for data retention in June.
NBA: Stripclub angry for Clippers Star Lou Williams
Emotion in NBA!
Louis Williams (33), the basketball professor of Los Angeles Clippers, is expected to leave the tournament district at Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permit for burial.
Also, according to the US media reports, he attended the dedicated smartingclub "Magic City" in Atlanta.
Williams, who is to have admitted the visit according to ESPN files, is again testing in Isloation every day on Covid-19.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou" has already expressed his love for precisely these wings, as he is called within the NBA.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
Thus, the Clippers Star misses the first two official games after the trial phase.
In Disney World, the NBA prepared to finish the Corona season.
At present the best 22 teams are preparing the same training games at the season finals beginning this night on Friday.
Söder expresses a stance on the Corona situation following mass infection
Munich - Minister for Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has announced a test offensive for large farm farms on Sunday.
This press conference will be shown live on our website.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has shocked the authorities and the politicians.
On the big vegetable farm, nearly 500 crop producers from several countries are now working, and over one third is infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one may leave the site and food is supplied.
The authorities now offer free Corona trials to the more than 3300 inhabitants in the community.
As harvest workers had little contact with the local population, the Board of Regions presumes so far that infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Consciences": confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
"My client has acted cooperatively," said lawyer Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added: 'He deeply regrets deeds and the confession was a liberation for him.
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the event of a conviction, according to Prosecutor's Department, the man shall require ten years' imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros.
The Gothical Cathedral of Saint Peter and Paul in Nantes was seriously damaged by a fire last night on Saturday.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory surveys overcame the suspicion of fire foundation.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
However, after one day, he was released again.
The man has been working as the volunteer for the Nantes diocese and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fires.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolishing the 50+1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of the 50+1 rule.
"German soccer should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates a reality," says Grindel of the "picture on Sunday".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
We are not, therefore, dealing at the debate on whether it is imperative to facilitate the involvement of investors by associations that wish to break into this phalanx?
There are doubts about whether there is a willingness in the German Football League to admit majority participations that are prohibited in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences in a European single market to the Bundesliga economic site", said Grindel.
The old DFB chief rightly displays the risk that "efforts to build a more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will ultimately only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but will not give rise
Even the equal distribution of TV money will not have a decisive effect".
"The FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million Euros.
So the differences are enormous among the first three clubs alone.
"The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", explained the 58 year old.
With reference to the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there were people who noticed these errors and passed this mistake to the press, instead of asking to do it," says Grindel about the adoption of an expensive clock which led to his resignation in April 2019.
"This has been a concern for me on a human basis".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach of compliance and it was right to draw the conclusions from it," Grindel said.
“With the ominous present, I have managed to cope entirely undisturbedly and transparently.
Many people in the DFB were aware of this."
He never made a hedge from the gift, assured the 58-year-olds.
"People may call it naïve; in any event, this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": injured and death
Protests against police force across the United States have blown up again by Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and the police in various cities.
In Louisville, there were three people injured, 16 people arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shooting while a demonstration train just crossed a crossroads.
Previously, in Portland, there were conflicts again during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including the officials of the Federal police, used tear gas every night and brought protestors by force to disappear.
Hundreds of, sometimes armed, protestors marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and called for those responsible for the death of Breona Taylor to be held responsible.
The 25-year-old student had been shot during a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
The aim of the Razzia was someone else who did not live there and no drugs have been found either.
When on Saturday a member of a group who called itself an armed alliance of black Americans shot off, three people were injured.
According to the NBC, they were sent into hospital.
None of them lived in risk of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
So in the end there was no meeting between the two groups.
In Spanish Austin, a person was shot and died during a “Black Lives Matter” demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
It has not provided more information on the circumstances of the case until now.
Mayor Steve Adler said the “New York Times” say that, like many in the city, they were "irrous and dismayed" because of what happened.
In the American metropolis of Seattle however, demonstrators have also conducted conflicts with the police on Saturday.
They buried burns in front of a youth prison, police used blind granades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were detained for resistance against police or bodily injury.
In the California City of Oakland, a court building was placed in fire.
A small group of protestors dispatched windows, fireworks shot off and police officers disloaded with lasers, notified Oakland’s police late on Saturday evening (local time).
The fire could be eliminated rapidly.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver, Colorado, a car was driven by a crowd demonstrating on a motorway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
Investigations have been started.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes defy Corona
Although there was no residence in the spa town, visitors and performers properly enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative programme.
It was unusual for visitors, actors and organizers: the rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festivities.
But although the large party mile in the city centre lacked that burns crowds and programme headings, such as rapoczy ball or fortress, many in the Corona compliant alternative program increased their cost
“I think we have succeeded in spreading Rakoczy-Flair,” comments curator Sylvie Thormann.
They loved the residence, the rooms were clean and comfortable.
From principle, they return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival, where, the historians were the sole focus of the festival.
Enjoyable atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
This is the case this time in the Corona year.
The couple made it cosy at the Luipold casino, watches the historians walking, and listens to the Cuban live music at the Restaurant.
'I also find it very pleasant," Konhäuser says.
They missed the crowds of people who belong otherwise to Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"That is a pity.
The weather would have been much better this year," she says.
Rakoczy Tournament will take place again
The alternative programme in turn meant more work for the performers of the historical heritage guests.
For instance, Christina Gold is supposed to work in a regular year in the cement stage, and recognises this as a special camp of the spa café.
This year she travelled on Saturdays and Sundays in Kostum on foot in the city.
"That is all the more tiring, otherwise we will have it much easier,” she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
“We are truly hoping that the riding Quadrille will again take place next year”, said Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that, after several years of break in 2021, again a Rakoczy Riding Tournament would be held.
28 Corona cases involving top Spanish journalists Funlabrada
The Spanish football professional CF Fuenlabrada is falling steeper and deeper into the crisis because of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer who went to the town of A Coruña was fleeing near Madrid despite all the first cases on July 20, a deep battle has done the next.
By Sunday, 28 players or team members were tested favourably, though one came into the hospital as the club reported.
Fuenlabrada from the same name of the city south-west of Madrid had still had the opportunity to reach the Awkwise Playoffs.
So far, even a descent to the B Group of the Second League would perhaps be threatened.
The video game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last minute, the prosecutors having obtained a possible criminal offence against public health, the top sports authority CSD considers the forceful descent of the club.
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Another problem is food.
Neither it be good nor sufficient, wrote "AS.”
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally jeopardising public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
There were four infected persons before departure before July 19 but those were isolated and not travelling.
Right before your trip to a Coruña on Monday, all players and members of the team had been tested again.
Although the group were already in A Coruña, there was positive performance for the Corona test at Five or Six other teams.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the attack, Tebas Llanas said.
Police must get rid of horses killed in steam capacity
Two animals were on the street.
The police sent them back to their owner.
In the afternoon of Sunday morning just about 6am a transport operator reported two free horses on the bridging between the outkirts Donnersdorf/Steinfeld and the traffic connection stop Theres.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
As soon as the mercantile staff found their faith in order to gain the confidence in the horses, the heavstock become detached to a rope with a rolling cam.
Professional Tony Martin: career continuation imagineable
Time travel specialist Tony Martin thinks about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven time biking World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sports career.
"I am working now with the team on the preparing conditions for how and in how it might continue," said the 35-year-old of the Frankfurt General Sunday Newspaper.
Martin currently worked with the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the Corona break, had thought to finish his careers after this year.
In their negotiations with his team, we are also talking about the number of racing days, he said.
Or, for other problems which would plague him as a family father, Martin said.
In the past he stood up after Fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back again to the wheel.
Today, as a father of a small daughter, I think of what if".
The cyclist admitted that there are certain aspects as to which he does increasingly struggle.
“But at the Corona time it did well for me just to know what I did in cycling and how much enjoyable it gives me”.
The season specialist at tour de l'Ain (August 5th - 9,) seeks to get into a competition show once again.
Bavaria: at least four deaths on Bavaria’s streets on the weekend
Beautiful weather attracts bikers to the street in many places.
For at least three people the trip with motorcycle ends deadly.
Another 18 years old pedestrian died.
Schönthal - In the event of accident on Bavaria’s streets several – mostly young people died during the weekend.
An 18 years old motorcycling cyclist was captured by a car at Schönthal County of Cham on Saturday.
Why the car went to the counter-track was then ill-clear.
On Saturday, a 22-year old traveler that had arrived at Oberbavians met a horse ride.
According to police, he was under cross contact with meanwhile Welfare.
He struck against that ditch in a lefthand curve.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the twelve visitors in the coach, a man was seriously injured and a man was badly injured, as the police indicated.
In the case of another fatal accident an 18-year older died in the Upper Parfalesia Bad Kötzting.
He settled on a street throughout the night on Sunday and was overpowered by a 42-year-old car-driver.
According to forecasts from the police, 18 year olds wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer brake in time.
At Schönberg (Landkreis Freyung-Grofenau), on Saturday our57 years old biker marched against a vehicle in a legal trail, despite the full internal braking.
He died at the location of the accident.
The 57 year old driver suffered a shock and the other three people in a vehicle remained uninjured.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved a lot for motorcyclists' safety in recent years", said the letter.
"The number of motorised bikers killed decreased by approximately 28% compared with 2011."
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - football trainers Niko Kovak will soon observe events with his new club AS Monaco in Frankfurt, among them: Nicholas Nord.
The Eight-time French master will be welcomed on 6 August (18.00 pm) at Hessen, the former Croatian club.
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly excited about this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends", explained Kovac.
In sport, this is an interesting test, said the 48-year old.
Prior to his ascent to the FC Bayern München, Kovac trained the Hessens from 2016 to 2018 and successfully culminated in the winner of the German Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian subsequently ased the Croatian growth.
In March this year, the Frankfurter family lost the eighth final battle against Basel in their own stadium, at 0:3.
Almost 50 new infections: district of Hof close to the Lockdown
In the provincial district of Hof company the number of well-known new environmental infections increased this weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is resented and no longer informed in the country’s Statistics
There is also a case in the city of Hof.
This provides the Hof region with the crisis mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in a week.
700 deaths from rains in Southeast Asia
Over 9 million people are affected by the severe floods in Southeast Asia, most especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in Boats is attempting to reach isolated people.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their crops.
Pancards in National Park die as a result of landslides
In the Kazirranga National Park, several of the 120 pewters died through landslides.
They are protected and considered as at risk of extinction.
This year, these floods are particularly symptomatic, which is driven up by scientists by climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the southern part of Bangladesh, the State has built apartments for 650 persons displaced by the floods.
So far only a few have been prevailed.
It is difficult to get the people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm is also remaining in Brenence today.
Those who once had a house make up, however small and often like a hut do not want to spend their lives in one large housing block.
Many of these apartments are empty, but, as the government hopes, they will soon be obtained from those whom have lost their homes through the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
In the 24-hour comparison, 60 new corona infections were notified in Vienna, and 22 new infections were reported in Lower Austria.
The Vienna State Assurance Directorate and Medical Crisis Service regularly inform public health cases and new databases concerning the Covid-19 virus: on Sunday, July 26, 2020, 8.00 am in Vienna*, 49840 (+60) have received positive tests.
The number of deaths connected to the virus remains unchanged in 2004.
4.090 (+48) persons are identified.
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
On Sunday, the number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 to 3,288.
A sufferer has, according to the Sanitary Staff, recovered.
This increases the number of genes to 2.936.
Currently patients suffering from Covid-19 in Germany were 247 patients.
Thus far, 147,253 tests have been completed.
105 people died in connection with lung disease.
Argentina rejects creditors’ offer
The new demands could not be met; the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires reported on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible, but also unfair", said an opinion.
"While 50% of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits."
The debts of the second largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable in current conditions.
This is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to waive a proportion of their claims of around $66 billion (almost EUR 59 billion).
If there is no agreement, the country will once again be in danger of default.
This would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
The Argentine Government, however, remains committed to its last offer and is not ready to make further concessions.
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis.
The recent inflation rate was more than 50%.
In the current year, experts expect economic power to decrease by about ten percent.
At the end of May, Argentina did not settle interest claims worth US$503 million and thus slip into a limited default.
Professional approach - Private not yet
"It's working supergood" - this conclusion pulls Dr Stefanie Kramer to the Eggenfelden Notariat after her first days.
At the end, everything went quickly: In mid may, Dr. Stefanie Kramer discovered that she would lead the succession of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelder Notary Department.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
However, “I still have to arrive in private,” she explains in conversation with the Rottal scoreboard and laughs.
The short preliminary period of course has not come to fully shift Reinsburg into Eggenfeld, its young mentor Dingolfinger reports.
Currently, she, with her husband who works as judge in Regensburg with the national courts, is engaged in the search for a suitable home or house in the city.
At least her son was able to request parental leave in the short term to guarantee the necessary care for the two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to encounter this happening in Regensburg every day, she also asked her parents for a stay in Didingolfing, says the 39-year-old.
Grown up in a neighbouring region, the city of Eggenfeld has, of course, been a culture for many years.
During experienced visits to the regional part of her family in the last months she once again stated: "Eggenfelden is an indeed beautiful small town".
Therefore, they were all the more pleased that they did the race during the competition for a vacant place.
In his career in Germany, her home country of Lower Bavaria plays a central role too: after working in Passau's first legal studies, she performed her field of referendum and the second state election in Regensburg.
After several positions as short-time assistant German insurance companies in Oberfranken, Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu region, As well as in Regensburg - during that period she also initially drifted to work law on second-hand Marriage occuping a number of locations in Germany
In 2016 she went onto parental leave. Eventually, she moved to Regensburg.
Since then, she has been holding representative services in several notary authorities.
When when a job in Eggenfelden was tended for a close retirement for Lutz Feller, she had seen the appropriate time to full professional relaunch, the 39-year-old studied
The team of the previous who will represent the notaries in the future took over Dr Stefanie Kramer's first step - and has given a saying to he or she for the team of the company: 'It is a great success!'
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
And if everything works on as desired, did she hope to spend time in your hobby here already, and learn more about the most beautiful Jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund Germany's largest football stadium in Dortmund will not are even 20 percent filled as of the season start if a fan returns.
Given the obligatory regulation of performance, we plan to make the transition between 12,000 and 15000 spectators at this stage", said Borussia Dortmund’s Government Director, Carsten Cramer,
Normally, the Arena in the district city has roughly more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
During the previous season’s ghost games caused by the Corona District, BVB lost around EUR 4 million on the games.
The motive for marketing, digitalisation and Internationalisation at BVB hopes that, beyond the usual venueous spots, some of the about 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be again opened: 'Of course, it is a retroactive responsibility when recoveries are cut down
Given the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone "would be well advised to take a stable long stand."
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
Dortmund Marketing’s leader praised the interests of BVB professionals for their salary reduction which is supposed to help end the crisis: "Of course, they know that their waiver has a different effect than if we set 100 people working in merchandising to marginalized work".
A myriad of miracles: Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly worse than a packer of butter, just three keeps of adult blood in his whole body: that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 gramms.
The Bub is one of some 400 breakfasts, which is provided annually at the Graz children’s clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so young and so early that neither lung nor inslation nor muscle are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they may violate the electrical odes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny, that at times they often wear doll clothes and mini-winds specially produced for them.
But not so small that they wouldn’t be with a voice - "and how," Berndt Urlesberger shocks.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When The Whiteboard becomes the stage
Apart from Corona Theater in classroom, the Whiteboard as a stage was also covered by the 9th class classes of the St. Jacobus School in Abtsgmünd night before reaching an early holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the Theatre of Aalen presented to the pupils the production “The Home Dressed” via video.
Afterwards, the students had a chance to chat with the actor and director Winfried Tobias about their place and performance via Skype.
The idea of the performance format was born from the current Corsona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was also delighted with the improvement of teaching.
Although all those involved agreed at the end that the direct gathering in the stage and the theatre would provide additional incentives, it has also demonstrated the potential for contact with schools.
"If we continue improving the technical framework, this could also be an interesting complement to game operations", emphasised director Winfried Tobias.
First Round Drag: The TSV 1860 will meet in the DFB Pokal on Entracht Frankfurt
When the TSV is qualified for the DFB Championship in 1860, the Lions will soon meet on Eintracht Frankfurt in their first round.
This was proven by the prize on Sunday.
Muneich - Sixty possible potential adversaries in the first round of the DFB Cup is recognised.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
This was demonstrated in the ARD games show on Sunday evening.
Because the participant field is already incomplete as a result of the Corona Pandemic orders, the materials intervention spaceholders were used during the draw.
The FSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Coal Festival (4, or 5th September), with the voluntary intention of defeating the FC Memmingen semi-final opponent.
In this area the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoriaschaffenburg.
If a second-tight-ranking starting at the WURZBUG Final is completed, some 60 might already qualify for the first round of the DFB section.
If not, the Giesinger will have to prevail in the final game against legislatory regionalist Aschaffenburg.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
"Decayed by the Wind": film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland was dead.
She had died in Paris on Sunday after 104 years of a natural death, confirmed her spokesmen for the German Press Agency.
"De Havilland" (previously known) is mentioned for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the South State episode of "Gone from the Wind" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in role of the Hermia von Shakespeare’s "Summer nights dream".
The Film studio Warner Brothers performed the analysis club for seven years. She released her leading film alongside Erll Flynn.
Eight films she has shot with a heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own.
The film was taking place in Germany under the title “Mother Hearts”.
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her executive role in the filming "My Cousine Rachel" for the first time in 1952.
This story became a global success.
With her long-term friend Bette Davis, she was playing in "Wiegenlied für eine corpse".
From his marriage with a writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 until 1953) the son Benjamin was born.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke.
Rumours about an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never been confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss finals at Comeback
Julius Tholea and Clemens Wickers missed the finals at the “Road to Timmendorf” beach volleyball tournament.
During the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf they also insured their colleagues of national teams Nils Elhers and Lar's flight on 1:2 (17:21, 21:17, 19:21).
Last September, Thole/Wickler had the most important involvement in the World Tour Final in Rome.
At the finish of the Rhine the confederates of Bezwinger Ehlers/Flights suffered defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Stefan van de Velde with 0:2 (17:11, 17:21).
In addition to the show tournament three starting points for German championships in early September were played in Timmendorfer Strand: tickets secured by Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simoncreter/Milan Sievers
Calbitz active vessels from AfD confirm - FDP speaks of Fake Sheet
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is, in the FDP's view, only a 'fact sheet' and does not affect the party's nature.
'The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the extreme right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is just part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD”, said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strisser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several more hours of negotiation, the federal court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz, which the Austrian Federal Executive Board rejected by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD truly asked to remove right-wing extremists consistently from its party, officials such as Björn Hecke and his followers would long have been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will for this in AfD because right-wing extremism has become part of the party".
Similarly, the Secretary General of CSU Markus Blume said: "The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now isolated has nothing to say and nothing changes," he said the "World on Sunday".
"It best speaks volumes, as many frenetic supporters still have right-wing extremists in the middle of AfD".
Flower believes that the AfD will go to below five percent in election in the future.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted”.
Kalbitz was one of the spoke leaders of what has now been officially-disbanded flights across Thuringia. The Chairman of the AfD and Group, Björn Höcke, recognises that bonding is the "increasingly extremist right".
In May, the Federal Board of AfD Indeed removed Kalbitz from the party.
He stated that Kalbitz has not stated earlier membership in the now proven false right-wing German youth (HDJ) and in Republicans when he entered the party.
Kalbitz disputes membership in the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains an extremely extreme right-wing party, whether with or without Calbitz'.
Neither this decision will weaken the Federal Party nor the right wing.
“The maneuver of the Meuthen Force is transparent.
"We hope to avoid more monitoring by constitutional protection and try to get off the current radar," Walter said.
"The AfD will not take away the spirits it called.
There is nothing changing about such an outctry", Mr. Erik Stohn, the SPD Secretary-General, stated the decision on the Kalbitz case.
"It is in that context that the AfD country association and the Group have thus to date held their right leader".
The legal argument with regard to Kalbitz's membership of the AfD will continue.
On Saturday he was announcing that he will now take civil action against the ruling by the federal court.
North Sea wind farms provide about 21% more electricity
In the first six months of the year, wind turbines on the Northern Sea had fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network.
This is over 21 percent higher than in the same period last year, which was stated by the mobile operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and for forwarding it through the German electricity grid.
The wind systems in the Balticic Sea which do not belong to the TENnet network yet have further electricity inputs of 2,22 terawatt hours (TWh).
In total, wind flows from the North and the Baltic region come to 13.73 TWh, compared to just 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The winds at sea account for nearly 19 percent of the whole wind current in Germany - this is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms increase production capacity
In addition to wind conditions, the increased contribution of offshore wind will result from higher output capacity; new wind farms have been placed on the grid for the last 12 months.
If the 1270 wind power stations in the North Sea were all in full operation at the same time, they could produce physically 6.7 gigawatts.
The capacity of transmission is sufficient; according to the Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030 it is planned to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands by then we will invest EUR 20 billion in developing offshore network links," said Tennet Chief Executive Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality the wind farms cannot adequately exploit their capacity at sea, but reach approximately 40%.
The record day of this year is January 2, when North Sea wind farms produced more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, the North Sea wind wheels produce around 2.5 and 3.0 gigawatt electricity, equivalent to three to four nuclear plants.
This could provide electricity to almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the Funder Kunstverein: the opening of the exhibition "Skirmish" with the works of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold exploded the usual framework after the Corona break.
Far more art lovers than usual pursued the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein company, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent delivered the band of “Defenders of the Universe“ on the southern Kornhausplatz.
North of the gallery the association Sandtogether was working.
Freital: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled.
The Windberg festival will not take place this year.
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day celebration planned in September.
In other years over 30,000 people visited this festival.
“We really have not made that decision easy and we’ve been hoping - conscious of how difficult economically it faces the parties - to the last minute,” said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partiseless).
“But in the end we are responsible here as organisers for the health of many thousand people”.
Indeed if tens of thousands were left on the permanent premises and in the camp, minimum distances, hygiene standards, and follow-up failed to be observed, in accordance with the current Coronash relation report.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that much would not be left of a popular festival.
Moreover, the organisational and monitoring burden would rise disproportionately.
Rumberg turned quipped on next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary, first with its Winterberg Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the days of the Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2020.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth will not beat Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the winter weekend at four starts.
After she had won a Grand Prix each for the start on Litersign and Quantaz, she also was under the Grand Prix Special in Sunday and in Kür on Sunday.
On Sunday of the 15th edition of the visit under Wiesegold, Werth saw her intended and prominent activities against Victoria Max-Theurer from Austria.
Furthermore, on Saturday on Quantaz the German rescued their 34 years old student, Victoria Max-Theurer.
The winner of Therfenhof Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dress rider on the planet is to establish the 10-year LPE with the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first shot ever.
Even under the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all 4 significant test results.
The last of the three international sports tournaments has been planned for 14 and 16th August.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University enjoys a continuing development in the air: the "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" offers a professor of air traffic management.
A contract between the higher education institution and the DFS has now been signed in Worms.
The agreement was first concluded for three years and begins in 2021.
Professors offer a possibility to begin studies not only during Summer but also at Winter Semester.
This will allow twice the number of students to be trained as previously.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will provide advice to the university during the creation and the establishment of the professorship.
Represented at the University since 2019.
Since the summer semester in 2019, the first students in training to manage the level of air traffic at the University of Worms are in the course of Skills air traffic management.
Nine students already started this year.
So far, the experiences of the DFS are very positive and the performance of students is very excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training will contribute significantly to further improving the appeal of pilot profession.
In these times, funding does not seem easy to our development.
However, we are expecting air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
To be able to carry out our regulatory requirement in the future, we need highly qualified staff“, said Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chief Executive of DFS when the contract was signed.
“For DFS the foundation professor is a future-proof investment which will provide, over the long term, air traffic controllers with a broad and cross-channel knowledge base.
We therefore continue our good cooperation with the higher education and also simultaneously reinforce our attractiveness as an employer."
This also underscores Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the Worms University: "The Foundation profession creates a key bridge between science and business.
We want to take part in the already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the double bachelor course Air Traffic Management".
Trust for German Air Safety regimes makes the University of Worms Motivation and commitment to further develop its study and research competences in the field of air transport for the future.
In order to help the air traffic controllers of tomorrow, university, with its first foundation professor for a dual course at universities, can place particular highlights and innovative focus for their students.
Dr Denis Alt, The Secretary of State at the Ministry of Science, Continuing Further Development and Culture emphasizes: "The University of Worms, with its focus on air transport, has an exclusive position throughout the Rhineland-Palatinate region
Today's signature of the Cooperation Contract strengthens the university profile".
Rescue helicopter land on the A45
A 45 motorway became fully blocked on the Saturday morning, towards Affenburg, where following a road accident, the rescue helicopters were in use.
A 76-year-old moved away in the course by a Ford at 12:40 p.m. at the middle of alzenau and landed on the main track.
The crack triggered the front airbags, with the driver experiencing vague injuries in his face and had to be placed into a hospital for treatment.
The injury suffered by the 72-year-old boarding-passenger was provided by the emergency doctor; the patient was flown to hospital followingly with the assistance.
At the moment, however, the police considers that there is no risk of life.
The damaged vehicle, which suffered damages of some 2000 euro, had to be tracked.
Treatment will examine other sectors identified by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the situation up again in parts of the meat industry.
legislative tightening is imminent.
But are they right – and will that remain?
Under the strict regulations now planned for alleged maladministrations in the meat industry, German Minister of Labour, Hubertus Heil (SPD), also intends to investigate other sectors.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
Germany’s employers are already warning against restricting work contracts in general.
Following the massive Corona outbreak in an fish giant in Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, on Wednesday the Federal Cabinet wants to take the fundamental decision on a Healing Act.
Big slaughter organisations would no longer be authorized to employ foreign staff in slaughter, dismantling or meat processing.
This means that the use of factory contracts and temporary workers would be prohibited there.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: "Putting finger away from a general limiting of contracts on work, if there is not a people's desire to stamp the economy completely".
Work contracts are, for example, obligatory for wide areas of the trade, the construction industry and plant construction to establish their added value for the customer.
"Individual mistakes cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Heil said that 'My goal is not to ban employment contracts everywhere in the German economy'.
Work contracts make sense.
"When an industry firms install a production expert to build a sites safety facility, that is a very normal work contract".
The German meat management takes the view that a ban on contracts and temporary work in the sector alone would be unconstitutional.
It should not be explained why more labour law might apply in porting and packaging cheese than in sausages, says an opinion on the legislative project, signed by the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung (Saturday).
Consequently, if a ban were taken place, consumer price would rise by between 10 and 20 percent per kilo of product.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
Often, they did not have a break.
Pay was held for protective equipment or hire.
It is also stated that the situation in accommodation for employees has often been imperfect.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
These items had by "stunty constructions", however, been avoided.
'Right now there is a need to get rid of it properly'.
The politician stated: 'In the Labour Protection Act which we want to adopt at the Cabinet at the end of July, there are also measures which covers not only the meat sector - for example, higher inspection quotas to protect workers
This draft encompasses the amendments to the law on the protection of labour rights in the meat industry and the employment protection law.
Brandenburg’s Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considered that more intensive controls are needed.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
More staff will be needed, however, for more controls.
Three deaths from ultra light aircraft crashers in Germany
In 2008, when an ultralight plane crashed onto a multi-family house in Wesel in the German second quarter of North Rhine-Westphalia, three people died due to the police data.
One child had unexpectedly been injured.
Two other people had been saved during the accident, a speaker from the Wesel district manager said.
According to police, a parachute has been found at the accident place.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
This house is a one- or two-family house.
More details were never known either.
Leave Frankfurt Operplatz peacefully
One week after the riots in Frankfurt the outrage of the Opera Square on Sundays of the night was also peaceful.
In recent times, several dozen people stayed in the ground, but left there before the closure hour comes at 1.00 p.m.
The police have been operating with numerous popular officials since the early evening, and for more police purposes is expected throughout the city.
For the first time at midnight this weekend a ban was on entry from the Kiravallen square, in which ravails were found a week ago.
Police officers had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrations.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
the night was very quiet as well.
Old car hits! Young woman injured severely in the face of an accident on the Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In the event of an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old on Sunday suffered severe injury around 13.25 p.m.
She was brought into the hospital of Kassel.
The fire force looked for possible drivers using Heat Image Cameras.
According to police officers on the state road 83, the woman was traveling out in the direction of their place of residence in Humm, when her car departed from the well-cleared core.
To save the accident, the firepower had to clean-up the roof of the cars.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in the car, the adjacent maize field was then seen by the driver with a heat-piking camera.
Warburg stapanel drones, which also works with heat image camera, have also been nominated for personal search.
However, the implementing forces did not found any one between the high maize crops.
The most serious injuries have been brought to further services with the emergency car from the Kassel Klinikum.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The German road was closed for two hours due to the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a break-through day of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin was secured the Italian Championship for the ninth seasonal series.
The team around five footballers made the 36th scudette of club history perfect on Sunday night in the home game against Sampdoria Genua and with a 2:0 (1:0).
Ronaldo met 1:0 before the mid term.
With 83 points, Turin, which was without the most recently violated ex-national player Sami Khedira, is no longer dispelled from place one 2-day before the start of the A Finally Series season.
The «Inter Milano» side of the table is seven points back.
Juventus was, despite being the prime optical superiority, harmless during the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free-flight variant.
An example by Miralem Pjanic re-erected the 35 years old from the civil space boundary directly with a flat shot (45.+7).
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
This has ensured the unshameable but decisive success.
the settings emitted on the table in the 89. minute are probably only fair if Ronaldo is correct but cannot compete with the product value.
“It is complicated to remain mental and physically at ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the momentum really changes very lightly", explained trainer Marizio Sinri after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the intellectual exhaustion of his players was great, as the Juve-coach said.
Followed the defeat, the fans did not have the chance to make the championship perfect.
In the end, Juve also had its lead to the amount of calm and excitement greatly due to the weakness of its competitors.
In the eleven matches in front of the World Cup on Sunday, the Sarri team had only succeeded in five victories.
Whether Ronaldo would still be a British Basket King is questionable.
Even though the Portuguese superstar finished 31 goals, Ciro Immobile, former Dortmund in France from time to time composed 38 matches at his eventfulely large number of football meters, just like Robert Lewandowski contribute
The record in Italy is awarded by the present Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentine provided 36 goals to the SSC Naples in the 2015-16 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the forthcoming K.O. round, Real Madrid or Manchester City will be waiting as an opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: over 250 illegal authors
Stuttgart - Despite all the penalties and court pronunciations at present, drivers are still giving gas on numerous illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads. Last year and the first three months of this year, the police in the southwest recorded over 250 ill
There is no comparison for the years in this respect, but law enforcement agencies are working increasingly: in 2018, a total of 155 investigation proceedings were initiated for illegal races; two years later, they were already 252
The race covered less organised events, as reflected clearly in the reply from the Ministry of Interior available to a request from the LandtagSPD.
In most cases drivers had met against one another or fled the police - i.e. that is indicated to be the illegal race.
It was dominated by German men aged between 18 and 60 years.
113 fines - 15 detentions
Only in a comparatively few cases have the rasers been caught and asked to pay in. Some113 fines have been imposed since 2018, according to the Office of the Interior and 15 sentences have been issued.
There are, however, no evidence that the number of illegal authors actually increases.
But other drivers respond more sensitively than they did before, because of numerous tragic accidents and procedures in recent years, according to a Ministry spokesman.
The Rasern Autobahn 8 is particularly popular, so drivers can limit traffic around here and make the tour before racing without taking anything.
Last August, a dozen drivers were captured under the clock close to Kirchheim; 9 months before that, there were 18 drivers at the O8 at Merklinge.
A81 is the most popular racing route
In addition, the police register even more races in the A81 than in any other state motorway.
The high speed limit means this target is used to block ridders outside the particularly affected stretch between grave and hostage.
Most and the most highly priced and used sports and luxury cars have Swiss signs because drivers get off to Germany because of the very high punishments for too rady driving and car races early in the nearby country.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'With a general speed of 130 kilometres, we would solve this problem on motorways', says Martin Rivoir, a transport expert from the SPD Agricultural Group
In other words, "The threshold on rasers would be significantly higher if you couldn't be here and then legally at 200 kilometres and more.
Information and image campaigns, Rivoir thinks that "to breach all rules in this way and certainly cause risk not just to own lives but also to the lives of other road users. It is never possible even if so well'.
ADAC calls for increased police intervention
This is not, however, enough for the ADAC: "We thought that Raser could not be deterred by objectives for temperature", says Holger Bach, head of Department of Transport and Environment at the ADAC Württemberg.
It calls for additional and even tougher controls on the routes concerned.
It is not seldom the high-journey force fair is becoming painful and serious. From January 2011 to April 2020, three people have died at the first races throughout the country, of which two affected a nightly crash in Stuttgart's city
There, two young men were scheduled to submit one highlight in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 more people have been injured during the races of the last two years.
But the Home Affairs Minister, Thomas Strobl, believe that tougher penalties are not required: 'Legislative action needed to hamper the sanctions for illegal car races is not seen', assessed in the paper of the Home Office.
Blue light of 23 July: Thirstiger Sprinkler steals beverages from receptilation
Rohrdorf:  A man has lost in a bar on Thursday in Rohrdorf (Circle Calw) and stolen drinks and cash.
An witness heard noise in the valley street at 3.40 a.m., and headed to the embassy.
There, he noticed a man who served serving for himself preferred drinks and left some time off further by having a door delivered in former times.
The perpetrator fled on the way to the meadows behind the statue.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: it is approximately 1.75 to 1.80 metres high and of robust stature.
In fact he weared a black pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The police collects further witnesses.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
Cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second second round ever on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu tour.
The 26-year old Pale caissar from the Bora-hansgrohe team did its job on the 109 kilometres long section with its start and destination in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after he won a position on Saturday.
The seasonal victories were three and four for Ackermann.
In the overall analysis, the Austrian team member Gregor Mühlberger won a prize.
On top of it, the 26-year-old had decisively adopted a mountain ride in the morning, taking the title in the class.
Only 104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was actually hectic,” the 26-year old says.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, drivers and carers in insulated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and from the media.
Participants at the start and finish were not admitted.
Heading Office launched instructions for citizenship reanimation
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident in Düsseldorf-Garath on Sunday afternoon.
In a very multi-family house one child (4) was suddenly liveless in the water during bathing.
According to fire brigade, the emergency call was received just before 13 a.m.
"Chief output gave instant instructions for load reanimation," a firefighters speaker said on BILD.
The incoming rescue forces took off the revitalization measures little later.
The child living in danger of life was transported to the hospital under rehabilitation.
Why it happened was unclear.
The police routinely started investigating the outcome of the accident.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: unauthorised tuning meeting - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and about 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and occasionally more than 1000 people took part in a "Tuning Meeting" at the car park of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The police implemented an announcement to increase the control of those events.
A large, tuning meeting took place Saturday evening on 25 July 2020, in Nuremberg’s southern city.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police forces, the Nuremberg Transport Police reported a increase in the volume of vehicles in the underground of a large car park in Ingolstar Straße at 10.30 hrs.
The police there subsequently carried out a wide range of checks on commercial vehicles.
Most recently, the police had announced a desire to step up action against so-called car oposers.
Illegal Tuning meeting in Nuremberg: only a small part of the "scene"
The officials at the top represented 700 cars as well as about 1100 people, accounted for by the police.
However, only a small share of the participants of the "autoposer" and tuning scene was to be linked to this.
Apparently, the majority of the relevant scene followed the police’s appeals.
With regard to the number of motor vehicles and passengers located on the ground, it can be expected that this number was mainly about victims.
Moreover, most attendants comply with the applicable infection protection standards, notably observance of the minimum range and wearing a mouth nase level protection.
The monitoring measures that took place on the ground were terminated by 1:00 p.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles needed to be secured.
No authors
There have been no illegal authors.
"The Police Bureau of Central France will continue to be attentive to what is going on and will continue with stronger control measures, including in the light of the existence of suspects,"
The newspaper agency news5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger about the gathering companies involved: 'They have all the marvellous rims which we should not scratch', said Schröder.
For this purpose special bands would be used.
Even because the car is becoming broader, the company needs to take care that there is no damage whatsoever.
"The young people should finally buy their cars without any damage".
Figures from the Employment Agency: 900 cases of suspection of short-time abuse
Berlin – The Federal Agency for Employment (BA) according to its own statement is now reflecting some 900 suspected risks for abuse in the case of short-living workers' money.
"This is extremely little for the more than 880,000 companies which have shown short work," said Daniel Terzenbach, the Managing Board responsible for the operation of the brand, 'Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung'.
When a large number of companies suddenly requested short-time work at the start of the Corona crisis, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally, tests take up to three weeks.
"So much time has not been available for us in this hot phase.
So we shall look at the final accounts all the more accurately.
A lot more will certainly be done.
We are not naïve in this and have a long breath.
Indications of abuse often come from the employees or trade unions involved.
In addition, the BA analysis software is used to trace abuse patterns.
According to Terzenbach, the BA prepares itself for a possible wave of bankruptcy in the autumn.
"Will there be significantly more insolvencies than last year?
The assessments vary, but we are wagging in the case and are already training employees in business agencies with a view to dealing with requests for insolvency money".
The statistics were still uneven, terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Disbanded party in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden.
The collection was dissolved at 8.48 o'clock by the district drivers of the French Castles & Gardens Foundation (SPSG), submitted their request by PNN German.
These young people would then have left the park.
On Saturday evening a number of young people would have played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared up by riders, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Celebrating illegal events in parks often takes place
The Foundation's parks seasonically produce collections where the rules of leaning and hygiene are not respected by covid-19 environment regulations.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
Even without regulation, parks will be closed when darkness may fall.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has for a long time been complaining that visitors would leave more and more wastes and destroy protected biotopes.
By now, illegal parking parties in Berlin have reached a different dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, 5000 people celebrated an illegal technology party the night to Sunday.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass tests following Corona outbreak in the tourist area
With hundreds of tests the authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular South-Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
More than 100 results were expected in the evening.
This means that many of the people who are infected are young trainees in tourism enterprises, but at least one tourism guest has been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The closed-off time was set at 23 a.m.
“There are cancelations or cancellations there”, said the chief of the Tourism Association of Wolfgangsee, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some individual guests also come off early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist destination of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 overnight stays in the last year.
In a normal season about one third of the guests are Germans.
On Friday, the first cases of infections had become public.
On Saturday, Antonio Lanz, Head of the District Authority, defended the behaviour of the interns who had celebrated in several restaurants and could have got involved there.
"We all liked to see that happen in our youth," he said to the radio channel Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourismus Federation launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the risk dangers of Covid-19 among young people.
As of Saturday hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
In addition all the guests who had been on St. Wolfgang from 15th July were contacted.
It generated memories of the Austrian skiing and party resort in Ischgl in Tyrol that was a center in the early phase of the pandemic throughout Europe.
Overall, more than 1500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus.
The main focus on new infections is Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League.
London (dpa) - The English administrater Manchester United has returned to the Champions League after a year of absence.
In the last day of the Premier League, the Red Devils secured the third table spot with a 2-0-00 product on served against direct opponent Leicester City.
The Foxes must now just join the Europa League, because the FC Chelsea already got up into it and qualified as the fourth player.
Aston Villa was encouraged by the fight against the descent.
Manchester United has led by pressure instigated by Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
"That means very much to me", said trainer Frank Lampard, who was first acting as a chelsea coach in his final match against Arsenal.
Chelsea's Victory against Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotjeur, who with a clever 1:1 (1:0) had kept up the volves with Crystal Palace and started as sixth in the Europe League.
Aston Villa decided to go out for the carrier with its FC Watford Client and the AFC Bournemouth base for a long time but has had to represent a class background in Western Ham United.
The late results of Jack Grealish (84. ) were immediately done by Andrej Jarmolenko (85).
The 1:1 (0:0), however, was achieved because Watsford lost at 2:3 (1:3) with Arsenal.
The Club, which ran three trainers during the season, is singling out after five new competition years.
Just like Bernemouth, who was no longer able to salvage himself through a 3-1 (2:1) with FC Everton.
In the end there was a missing point.
The FC Liverpool, already confirmed as the English master since the end of June, was able to make a constitutionals record with a 3:1 (11:1) victory of Newcastle United.
99 counters are the highest score that Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp said it was just conferences with his team in English football and in England he simply missed the record for the score itself.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the Newcastle lead in at the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) sparked a match on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season", said Torschütze van Dijk after the game, "this should inspire us to defend the title.
It will be difficult".
In the end the Premier League bosses are likely to be satisfied.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the soccer business in England was suspended from 13 March to 17 June.
Meanwhile, even an early termination or arrangement of the remaining games on neutral ground was discussed.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence on demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Netanyahu's Head of government are becoming ever more intense.
There have been violent conflicts during the night.
Israeli police has violence at the evening of Sunday in Jerusalem towards participants in a demonstration against right-wing Conservative leader Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people have been arrested due to participation in unrest, police officer Micky Rosenfeld informed.
Among other things, the police used waterises to stop the manifestations.
According to reports from the media on Saturday evening, a total of about 6000 people had gathered close to Netanyahu’s office.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protestors beat drums, beamed sincerely in horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Also, participants in a counter-demonstration which supported Netanyahu had been arrested reporting the news page "ynet."
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including from the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city Caesarea, along with a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested following police information near Tel Aviv for allegedly produced a motor car spray on spectators on the streets.
Another man was arrested following a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator had been slightly injured at the neck.
Just recently there have been numerous demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Lastly, Netanyahu was criticised for handling the Corona crisis.
Among others, he was accused of intelligent easings and lack of preparedness for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter was prompted by car - nine injured persons - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - An random accident caused nine light injuries on Saturday afternoon at the B58 of Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
Police: "probably the police had repressed it suddenly because she wanted to take sides."
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He happened to move back on the car.
In the case of the accident, three passengers have been slightly injured in the car and six in the transporter.
Several rescue cars brought them into a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
North Korea has yet seen a 'glowing success' in its own spending efforts on defending the coronavirus.
For the first time the country is reporting a suspected event.
Because of the first official Corona suspect in the country, North Korea has closed off a big city completely out of fear of catastrophe.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months ''the malicious virus could have been smuggled into the country,” the state media reported.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership called for the highest level of alarm.
should the suspicion be confirmed, this would be the first official case with SARS-COV-2 in a closed land.
North Korea have so far not registered a single infection and described its preventive actions as a "showing success".
The data were doubted abroad.
The symptoms of illness were reported in the case of an "extrater" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between the South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person moved to South Korea three years ago, and had now returned to the border.
South Korea does not yet have a technical confirmation for crossing the border within its four kilometres and largely mined military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
There have been investigations on some people.
According to its own data, North Korea organized a meeting of the Labor Party Police originally chaired by the leader Kim Jong Un on Saturday, on account of the suspicious case.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could provoke a deadly and destructive catastrophe" -
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person concerned, and all people in Kaesong who had contacted them, had been placed under quarantine.
Accordingly, the Party’s central military committee is meant to investigate the 'evasion' as well as the conduct of the military unit in charge and to impose tough punishment if necessary.
It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Expectancy ahead of the Council meeting: City East and noise protection are at discussion before the summer break
"In addition to environmental issues, both sides will also vote on the construction plan for the Metropolitan Development province of the East," the committee plans stated in middle-centre position on the urban press release next to public Council session on Tuesday, 28 July at 16.30 pm
In particular, however, the valuation of Eastern city is being discussed in dispute until the end.
The majorities in this respect are below a certain adoption, most recently in different committees. Depending on the presence of them, they are slightly opposed.
An appeal from industry (building, real estate, trade and IT), which started from citizenship and then developed by administration and municipal council, did not let a end to a project now after almost ten years of preparation, Reporter Reinhard Klein criticized the opposition.
"All think it is better to know it," says younger who, for over a year now, has been the only representative of the Community Council in Pforzheim registers.
In fact, after reading the Treaties, he was in that position, 'I know what I am talking about'.
The exit costs the town lower and the TCC, while admitting support offered by the city administration, is convinced by the small people that to clean up for 8.5 million EUR.
The city will develop very differently from forecasts being made in the Town Hall and by economic supporters.
Specialized in designing the City by setting up its own power and not an investor, this was Plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative approach.
It also mainly means rehabilitation of the Technical Town Hall, opening the Schlossberg, renting the Ex-Thales for administrative spaces and improving the town centre in an ideal area with local owners.
Environmental issues play a central role.
In addition, environmental issues will in particular play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes several measures to protect the Pforzheim population from noise leakages as a result of road transport, many of which involve temporary reductions.
In an press release, the local transport club welcomes the widespread introduction of tempo 30; however, political leaders in town are not innocent about the need for this, because by neglecting the business traffic, the rapid transport market has first contributed to a massive increase in car traffic
The municipality council shall also vote on the participation of the City of Energy and Climate Change Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Furthermore, the agenda will focus on accession to the Conventional Climate Pact of Baden-Württemberg, reestablishing parent's contributions in the city's daycare facilities and requesting for accession to the framework of the German Smart City Support
Citizens are welcome but need to take into account the Corona protection measures.
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann begins the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
Before the super sports car league officially operates, the first tests were scheduled.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from tackling his first journey to the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langen already completed his first rounds on the Lausitz ring and became accustomed to its premiere at the GT3 car.
“There are already a few things that are different for Porsche from the previous season,” says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it really has been a lot of fun".
Zimmermann was also especially happy with Steijn Scothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
Despite his eighteen years' experience in GT sports, the Dutch have also been successful in helping a new team member on many aspects.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports at all. But every new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand ourselves blindly and we also made enormous progress on the Lausitzring from session to session".
It is precisely here – followed by the Lausitzring – that the GT Masters will also arrange his first race.
As of 31 July, the 33 Super Sport cars will be rushed with Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was the last guest in the motodrome.
“It worked quickly and I have had little getting used to the track,” says Zimmermann, who starts of the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you need to meet optimally in order to be quick".
The speed of Zimmermann's operation will clearly outweigh this in two weeks' time.
"The teams play a little bit during tests," he says.
"Finally, we are very pleased and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring.
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a dense calendar.
Seven races are planned at the beginning of November.
The current state is that no viewers will be permitted, but there will be a prominent guest.
In the middle of August at Nürburring, ex-Formula one pilot Niko Hülkenberg will gripe into the GT steering wheel.
UK Transport Secretary of Quarantine decision caught cold
The decision by the UK government to quarantine Spanish holidaymakers for two weeks after their return, according to press reports, severely caught the country's Transport Minister.
This is why Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain in particular while his colleagues at home decided on this measure on Saturday.
Because of the resurgent growth in Corona numbers in Spain the London Cabinet removed the country from the list of countries from which entry without quarantine requirements is possible.
The new arrangements will be effective early today, Sunday, so Shapps too will have to return to quarantine once they have returned.
In Austria, the government has also implemented quarantine measures for returnees.
But the regime applies only to those who are on holiday just from the deadline, on 24 September April, and was not introduced overnight.
Moreover, Spain has so far been considered considered one of the safe countries in Austria for which a quarantine is not needed;
"Numerous ministers should previously have known that there is the possibility of creating a quarantine for holidayeers in Spain", commented Labour MEP Diane Abboth.
«But apparently no one has taken the trouble to say Grant Shapp's decision«.
Just a month after the end of Corona's emergency in Spain and the expiry of the sovereign ban, the number of infections is rising again in the country.
Virologists particularly blame nightlife for the renewed spread.
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the UK.
The United Kingdom Government is currently advising lack of accommodation to mainland Spain, except for British citizens and the Balearics, which are unanimously popular with British holidaymakers.
To date in Spain, more than 272,000 infections have been reported with the novel corona virus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Maritime Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These unique weapons in the world would extend Russian maritime forces’ struggle capability, Putin said in St. Petersburg on Sunday at the central marine parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
The hypersonic weapons display an increasing number of noise speeds of around 343 metres a second.
They are considered as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo is being continued.
The process of uprising is even continued at the power station Poseidon, which is nuclearly supported.
The planned threat to the sea is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, naval security has been protecting Russia reliably,” said Putin on the day Matrosen celebrated nationwide.
Similarly, in many other Russian sea resorts the naval forces began the sea day with parades.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Ammunition was also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Making aid more difficult for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year's season above the Atlantic has joined the country in Texas.
Life threatened floods, strong winds, and severe rain were now threatening parts of the US state, informed the US National Hurricane Center for Climate Change NGOA at night in Sunday (local time).
Governor Greg Abbott called out a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-SSC pandemic was poorening the work of aid workers,said Abbott, according to the US media.
Call for caution
"Each hurricane is a huge challenge," said Abbott according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
Taking into account the hurricane in Texas, he added that “this challenge is complicated and exacerbated, considering that it includes an area which is the country most affected by Covid-19 itself.”
According to the Johns Hopkins university, some 5,000 people have died so far in Texas alone, following the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called for caution for people who had to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It was important that everyone maintained distance from it.
Therefore, hotel rooms have also been provided in some places.
In addition, emergency accommodation measures are to be tested on Corona.
The damages initially had only been reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Stormwarning rebated
According to governmental information on Padre Island, it was located on shore of a country bordering the Texan coast with wind speeds of up to 150 km per hour.
Indeed, a tropical storm had previously been raised to Hurricane the lowest level one.
For the coast section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first provided and was subsequently taken back.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" then moved further inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
“Douglas” moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
The Hurricane Centre, however, expected it to weaken further.
According to the forecast, it is planned on Sunday (local time) near the largest islands of Hawaii – then March to descend to the Hurricane threshold.
Across the Atlantic, NOAA expects an above-average hurricane season this year following a prediction in May.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes each year over the Atlantic and three of them are emerging into storms of great strength.
Given available climate data and the higher air-temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season is as low as 30% – a below average 10% reasoned at the time.
US President Donald Trump wrote via Twitter that his government has been following the storms carefully and in contact with the countries affected.
Four gates lost: video assistant 'punished' Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were dismissed two days
Naples - Four Gates achieved, four gates missed: Sassulo Calcio had a semi-fashionable, dry-dark evening certainly at the SSC Naples in the Italian Naples football high-quality analogue series
"A festival without gates to Sassuolo.
Never before the VAR used such tough work against a team," commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host of Naples had managed through a gate of the main foreign defense Elseid Hizaj in the 8th minute and Filip Djuricic accredited the balance ahead of the 32nd minute.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again into the net - the VAR again generated.
Also the deadlines of Attacker Francesco Caputo (50.) and Domenico Berardi (61.) were reverted after visit of the VAR.
In a retrospective period, Allan has set the 2:0 final for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfectly.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology generates records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern München: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a short holidays and days of training and hopefully good, Hansi Flick must continue going beyond the establishment of its first team training to consider how he can redesign his successful defence following the injury of World Champion Benjamin Pavard.
The French, who has the third most respectable service minutes behind captain Manuel Neuer and Chief of Mittelfeld Joshua Kimmich had, here, a strong lining up to the right and is trying to miss crucial cclass duels
In Munich’s shnoddle weather, its rights defender cancelled a training game and had to leave the course by using a golf card.
How long will the unstrained tribal player go in the struggle for title is open.
An effort in the ''Eighth Final' game against FC Chelsea on 08 of August may show difficulties and the 24 year-old may be looking forward to the final tournament which might begin on 12 August in Lisbon.
However, Bavarians do not want to be stopped by their misadvice at the training on Sunday.
In the edition of his personal tripleform, Flick identified the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to the Dutch capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration duly increase its winning title collector during the ideally following 28 days, receiving a normal and major-class final game on August 23rd.
"We succeeded in mastering and winning our tasks excellently.
Well, we need to create something special now", said Flick.
So, until Munich can freely handle the final tournament which has been ranked as a training camp in the Algarve, the eighth venue meeting has been followed by the FC Chelsea meeting.
After the 4-0 in training prior to the Corona break, the Londons in the domestic arena should not become Bayern nightmares again as in the final dahoam 2012.
"We have to go through the door first.
We want to win, create good conditions and recharge confidence with a great game," Flick said.
A test for consensus will appear on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long answer Flick had been awarding the stars in an unique Olympo in August; after having spent 13 days vacation.
31 players elected Renaissance at Sabener Strasse and amongst them the new players for precious purchase, Leroy Sané, who first met all new colleagues in the square following his move from Manchester City.
"Leroy has shown himself well in common with all new" Flick reported.
But, rather than talking about the new season if Sané & Co. were no longer supposed to start playing, Flick preferred to talk about the German series champion's current title project.
After days of individual and small-group training a team has now been trained to the Londoners who are in game rhythm unlike Flick’s support group.
As such, Munich may start a quarter final against the FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, in the semi-final you will find real Madrid, Manchester City, or Juventus Turin potential enders.
A way out to the final in Lisbon 'isn't so easy' emphasised the Chief Coach, who from Tuesday can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training.
The Secretary of the World Cup, Klose and Fick know about certain pieces of joint tournament preparation as particularly important when taking 0 to 100.
With his current team working was "a enjoyment", praised Flick.
„Focusing on winnings“ is a significant draw for his team.
The tournament with 92 teams got excited with ambitious results on Sunday.
People are each involved, including the departing With biased Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the Royal Class Season is not secured.
Formula 1 needs a specific rule to keep its World Champion
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
All American races were, however, cancelled.
Race calendars become more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One Season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
The travel activities are scheduled in October at the Nürburgring in Germany and the Portimão in Portugal.
In November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. are fighting for World Championship levels on the Italian traditional race headquarter at Imola.
Thus, the 2020 race calendar includes 13 tracks, according to current requirements.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
Altogether, 15 to 18 races are expected to be completed during this exceptional season within the Grand Class of sport.
The Formula 1 is expected to complete their season in Asia.
The final race calendar is expected to be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Before the official races already in place in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports say that performances could be held in Vietnam and Malaysia at end of November.
Regularly, races must be carried out on three continents
The Formula 1 rule, however, requires at least race on three continents to get the World Championship awarded.
However, albeit from just two continents, as is previously being planned, there should be a World Champion.
The FIA will apply a special rule to award the titles on the basis of the "exceptional circumstances" concerning the coronavirus pandemic.
The traditional season launch in Australia in March needed to be cancelled at short notice, as a result of the upcoming Corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not a topic.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be hosted in America this year.
In Brazil, rejection revokes criticism
Due to the tense corona situation, races will not take place in Canada, the USA, Mexico, and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to being with them again in the next season", says Carey.
The decline of the American races came out of criticism in Brazil in particular: "this not comes as a surprise for us, but fundamental reasons cannot be accepted," said Tamas Rohonyi, the promoter of the Grand Prix in São
This means that the infection figures in Sao Paulo are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Moreover, the concerns of some teams that they do not want to travel to Brazil would not justify any rejection.
We need to be prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Misery against Donald Trump went out Around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was a guest at Stephen Colbert’s well known Latenight Show by video schedule and briefed in interview on some of her interests at their meeting with Donald Trump.
Climatic civicist Greta Thunberg was visiting one of the well-known US-Latenight shows in video.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
The teenager was also talking about her famous "evil look" when she met Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, a climate activist Greta Thunberg has drawn attention to her tireless commitment to the Fridays For Future movement.
Today, she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, and on her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunbergs in your show on Tuesday and had a larger interview with the Swedish.
She talked not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the world’s powers.
" There are some things that surprised me," she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
"We've experienced everything from organized hatres to threats, only because a group goes into the streets of children".
Heads of State and politicians who, in the social media, are acting to face them or even want to silence them, find them 'relieved' on the comment 'because they have no other answer'.
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The short clip created a GIF – an animated picture, which has at the end become one of the most common images used for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-olds think at this time about the US president?
She only replied shortly and dry to the relatively outstanding question posed by Stephen Colbert: "To be honest, I do not think that we needed any further explanation.
This kind of sensatory answer was probably not expected, while the eagerly experienced hailior surgeon colbert quickly shanded out of the image.
Through her "How do you?" address on the principles of climate change, she kept a note for many at the conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with Triple Package for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now expanding alongside Bavaria's Robert Lewandowski in the race around Europe's Golden Shoe.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has the strongest opportunities to become a torch king over the Italian football competition.
The former BVB professional contributed three hits during Lazio Rome's 5:1 victory on Hellas Verona, under two modelling elephants he himself sang during the periods of both races.
The 30-year-old team of the seasonal quarters is now awarded 34 continent gates on its score before the end - thus, the same amount treatment aied by Robert Lewandowski of FC Bayern Munich in the previous Bundesligaiseison.
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo followed with over 30 gates, the Portuguese superstar met with the top runner in the evening Sampdoria Genova.
Fleetwood Mac Co-founder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
Today, the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cultural personnel: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully during sleep at the age of 73, and told colleagues on Saturday in an official information that another opinion would be announced for the coming days.
Top musicians, such as Peter Frampton, recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of the "monumental loss" for all previous and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The producer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had set up the already legendary band in London in 1967, yet his dreamed to instrumental hit "Albatross" to date remains unforgettable.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise, and the band was celebrating its most successful performance without him.
One of the main challenges was that Green wanted to donate all the Group's profits to charitable ends.
He began to operate in wide tranches and with large crucifix.
mental problems should also have played a role.
Three years after the creation, Green left the band in 1980.
This was followed by a social decline.
The Bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatry for a long time.
During many years of the 1970s the musicians disappeared from the imagery.
He is to have lived on the streets at times, worked as a graveyard gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family in the London Bethnal Green District.
In the early 1990s, he was enthusiastical for theateur bands of US blue music musicians like King and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years of age, he learned the first guitar strikes.
At the age of 15, the teenager started to play professional guitar and gained five years later the chance to be taking part in stage guitar in the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
Just a few days later, he was committed as an alternate to his Idol Eric Clapton in the Bluesbreakers.
Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blue boom in the summer of 1967 along with his Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Green's song "Albatross" awarded according to the group the first number one hit in winter 1968/69 and classified the group to the top of the British music scene.
Yet this rapid rise soon demonstrated its shadow sides: Green did not encounter the media hues, his experiments with the drug LSD became evermore extreme.
Once upon an interview he commented on life between music and addiction: "The worst thing I happened in life is drugs - the best is to land a number 1 hit".
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
In the meantime Fleetwood Mac swoomed on a wave of success without it in new formation.
Her album "Rumours", which was released in 1977, sold itself more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite some small solo success, Green made no greater comeback, and he continued his new show, by sharing his jobs with a group of friends.
At the time, the British 'Daily Telegraph' mentioned having a rockstar returned to the earth.
Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group free of drugs until the band was disappearing in 2004.
He has been a blues legend for music good-being specialists indeed and with his soft sound he became one of the most influential guitarists of recent decades.
