Biker responds rapidly and prevents worse
An accident occurred on Friday evening on the road between Beutolsheim and Merklingen where a motorcycle driver was only slightly injured thanks to its rapid response.
A car-driver overlooks biker
A 44-year-old driving rider wanted to turn left onto the Road 1230 for Mutstolsheim by afternoon 21:30 with her VW from Merklingen.
She overlooked the 24-year old Motorcycle Cyclists arriving from the direction of Nellingen.
Collision will shut down hand and foot braking levers
The biker tried to deviate the car, but caught it up at the rear area of the vehicle.
The shift transfer bent the handbit and the foot brake levers on the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to reduce them brain damage.
He directed his motorcycle in the green strips alongside the railway, leaving it moved around with no traffic loss.
Biker suffers an injury
Due to the collusion with car, the biker did not suffer injuries and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 harvest helpers infected
Following a porona-mass infection at a large vegetable farm in the Bavarian mamming, almost 500 people are under quarantine and cannot leave the housing.
A security service monitors the ban.
1,74 harvest aid workers were positively tested on the Corona virus Sars-CoV-2 for morring (RAS), as announced by the Council Council office Dingolfing-Landau on Saturday evening
"In order to prevent further spread, we unfortunately need to take this step in favour of protecting the population", described Conventor Werner Busmeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees were infected in the company, which was the causes of the test.
The farm is that it is a large vegetable farm which grows strawberries, cucumbers, coal and red beds - but only cucumbers for slice glasses.
Mamming is a rural commune with 3300 inhabitants, close to Dingolfing with its large BMW plant.
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to enjoy calm: "According to our information this is a closed section of people".
infected workers were separated from non infected workers in the farm, yet the site is now surrounded by a cement fence.
Greens and the SPD gave the state government a share of responsibility.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the housing of seasonal workers.
"This may be insidious if such local infections are involved and regional lock downs are to be organised," states Jürgen Mistol, Head of Parliament of the Greens.
That is similar to that of the SPD: "After the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof mid-May we have already called for a special control programme for farmers with crop suppliers", said Dr Florian von
"In our view, standards of hygiene in the workplace as well as a high level of housing need to be monitored.
Obviously this did not happen".
The outbreak had come "with an annoyance".
Aidenbachstraße underground station: dangerous dispute : 19-year olds fallen into the track bed after Schuber
In a dispute between two young people on the Aidenbachstrasse metro station, a 19-year-old went down by sliding and pointing in the track.
Obersendling -- Friday a government-elected dispute between 2 youth groups ran to the Aidenbachstrasse underground station near 16.15 a.m.
A passingant alerted the police, which approached across frontiers.
According to initial investigations a Municher (17) kept a 19-year-old on the ground.
The young man dropped over the forthern edge on the railway, falling into the trackbed.
People from the 17-year-old group helped to climb out of the track.
There were not a danger of getting on to a train.
As the police reported, there were conflicts again between the two.
The 17-year-old was at first able to escape from the scene and its reality could be identified later on.
His father accompanied him to police inspection 29.
A body injury is investigated against 17 years old.
Report: Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended.
According to a media report, the Federal Inland Minister, Hort Seehofer, is asking for the retention period to be extended.
He wishes to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister of Interior - Horst Seahofer (CSU) - following a media report - demands an extension of the amount of data retention - a half-year instead of the ten weeks envisaged.
As reported by the "Bild am Sonntag", Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine Lamprecht (SPD) asked to make a quick change to the law.
Seehofer therefore wants to reinforce measures against child abuse.
He takes the view that it is reasonable "to make urgent adjustments to legislation now", says the paper in writing.
Data retention is currently suspended.
An ECJ decision is expected to be taken on this issue.
However, Seehofer would also wish to make the changes in advance so that they could be applied immediately in the aftermath of a possible positive judgement, as the report suggests.
One spokesman from the Department of Justice said to the newspaper that he would only be able to investigate effectively whether regulatory adjustments are needed if courts had decided.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer, along with the country’s Home Affairs Ministers, even decided to express a support for data retention in June.
NBA: Stripclub frault for Clippers Star Lou Williams
outrage in the NBA!
Louis Williams (33), the basketball professor of Los Angeles Clippers, is expected to leave the tournament district at Disney World in Orlando/Florida with permit for burial.
According to US media reports, he also went to a visiting strip club "Magic City" in Atlanta at night.
Willias, who should have admitted to the visit according to ESPN data, is in isolation, is being tested on CVID-19 daily.
His reason for the visit: Chicken Wings.
In February of last year, "Sweet Lou", as he is called in the NBA, expressed his love for specific Wings.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another stripclub in Atlanta, Anm d. R. ) have the best wings in the city".
NBA-Insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams impositioned a ten-day quarantine.
Thus the Clippers star misses the first two official plays after the testing phase.
In Disney World, the NBA will finish the Corona season.
In the moment, the 32 teams are preparing for training Games at the 2009 season finals starting on Friday.
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Minister of Health Melanie Huml (CSU) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be viewed live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau district has frightened authorities and politicians.
On the big vegetable producing farm almost 500 harvesters from several countries are currently employed, more than one-third was infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked with a construction fence.
No one is allowed to leave the premises, the food is delivered.
The authorities are now offering free Corona tests to the more than 3300 residents of the municipality.
Since harvesters had little contact on the local population, the country council office thus far considers that the infection is not spreading beyond the farm.
"Consciences": confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
"My client has acted cooperatively," said lawyer Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added, “He deeply regrets the acts and that confession was a liberation for him.”
His mandate was "plagued by conscience and very much driven about the extent of the destruction."
In the event of a conviction, according to Prosecutor's Department, the man shall require ten years' imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros.
The Gothic St. Peter and the Paul Cathedral in Nantes was badly damaged by a fire last Saturday.
The fire broke out in three places near one another in the church.
Laboratory enquiries have increased suspicion of arson foundation.
The now detained suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
But after a day he was released.
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for closing the cathedral on the eve of the fire.
Because there was no trace of violent invaders into the Church, he quickly caught attention to investigators.
Discussion on abolishing the 50+1 rule
Former DFB president Reinhard Grindel has recommended to consider abolishing the 50+1 rule.
"The German soccer scene should at least discuss the conditions and clear rules that we should set for the investor before the European Commission comes to a conclusion", said Grindel der "bild am Sonntag".
He stressed that 'For those clubs that would most likely be dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50+1 rules are not working at all: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
In this light, we do not cross over the debate regarding whether or not to make clubs which want to break up this phalanx easier to involved investors".
But he has doubts about whether German Football League has a willingness to allow majority stakes being ruled out in the Bundesliga under the 50+1 rule.
"There is still a legal risk of attracting investment fences to Bundesliga's business platform in a single European market", said Grindel.
The former DFB Chief Finally considers the danger that "attempts to achieve more competitiveness in the Bundesliga end up weakening only our top clubs at European level, but not likely to lead to greater tension in the championship."
Even an equal distribution of TV money will not bring a decisive effect.
"The FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million Euros.
So differences between the first three clubs are already enormous.
"The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million", explained the 58 year old.
Looking back over the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there have been people who have noticed this mistake and surfed the press rather than talking about it", declared Grindel on the acceptance of an expensive watch which resulted in his resignation in April 2019.
"This has been a concern for me on a human basis".
He had received the gift worth some 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a breach in compliance and it was right to draw the consequences of that", said Grindel.
"I have dealt with the ominous showpiece of watch in an unspoilt and transparent manner.
Many people at the DFB knew about it".
He never "made a hedge out of the gift", said the 58-year-olds.
"It might be called naive, but this form of transparency has been the entire opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": injured and people dead
Protests against police force across the United States have blown up again by Donald Trump’s deployment of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and the police in various cities.
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people were arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shooting while a demonstration train just crossed a crossroads.
Previously theres had again been clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including federal police officers, used tear gas on Saturday and disrupted contact with demonstrators.
Hundreds of, sometimes armed, protestors marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and called for those responsible for the death of Breona Taylor to be held responsible.
The 25-year-old student had been shot during a drug razzia in her apartment in Louisville in March.
It was aiming at somebody who didn't live there, and no drugs were found.
When a members of a group who called themselves an armed alliance of black Americans gave one shot on Saturday, three persons were injured.
According to the broadcaster NBC, they were transported to hospital.
None of them were in danger of life.
The police established barricades because objectors had also formed a white militia.
There was no conflict between the two groups at last.
In the Texas Austin, a person was shot and died during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
According to their own information, the police took a suspect into custody.
The Commission has so far not provided detailed information on the circumstances in question.
Mayor Steve Adler said the “New York Times” say that, like many in the city, they were "irrous and dismayed" because of what happened.
In the American metropolis of Seattle however, demonstrators have also conducted conflicts with the police on Saturday.
They fireed buckets in front of a child's jail, police were employing granades and pepper spray.
According to the "seattle Times", 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or physical injury.
A court structure in the city of Oakland in California was set fire.
A small group of demonstrators launched windows, fireworks shot and police officials branded with lasers, informed Oakland's police at the late Saturday night (local time).
The fire was quickly erased.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver, Colorado, a car was driven by a crowd demonstrating on a motorway.
As the police indicated, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was injured in hospital.
Moreover, windows were also locked in an avenue, and a fire was put in place, as the police reported.
An investigation has begun.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes despite Corona.
Although there was no residence in the spa town, visitors and performers properly enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative programme.
It was unusual for visitors, performers and organisers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy party.
But even when the big party mile in the town centre was absent, people wears large crowds and scheduling-high points like the hall, the Rakoczy ball or the carrier, many of them got to their contribution
"I think we succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair," says director of assistance Sylvie Thormann.
The guests would have liked it very well.
From principle, they return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival, where, the historians were the sole focus of the festival.
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visited the Rakoczy festival of Bad Kissingen with her husband, for more than 25 years.
So even this time in the Corona year.
The couple made it cosy at the Luipold casino, watches the historians walking, and listens to the Cuban live music at the Restaurant.
"I find it really pleasant," Konhäuser said.
You don’t miss the crowds that in fact belong to Rakoczy.
This might be less than the usual schedule highlights, especially the venue burns on Friday evenings and the historical brunt and the closing firework in Sunday evening.
"This is a shame.
The weather was superb this year, she says.
Rakoczy tournament is on to take place again
For the performers of the historical spa guests the alternative program meant partly more work.
Christina Gold, who provides regular year' s regularity on the festival and can be seen there on the cutting of the gardens café.
This year she was walking in the town on Saturdays and Sundays in costume.
"That is all the more tiring, otherwise we will have it much easier,” she says.
The members of the Rider Association had less to do, even though individual riders are in the park.
“We very much hope that the riding quadrille can be held once again in the next year,” Urrike Waldofen Chairman said.
She announced that a Rakoczy Riding Tournament intends to be held again after several years' break in 2021.
28 Corona cases in Fuenlabrada, Spanish secondary tennis Currently
The Spanish football professional CF Fuenlabrada is falling steeper and deeper into the crisis because of a Corona outbreak.
Since the newcomer from the district of Madrid, while at first Corona Falls on July 20, came for a game in the town of A Coruña, one big bighrow following the next one.
To Sunday there were 28 players or team members tested positively, but one had arrived in the hospital, as the club reported.
Fuenlabada from the city southwest of Madrid has currently had the chance to reach the upkeep playoffs.
So far, even a descent to the B Group of the Second League would perhaps be threatened.
The video game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last minute, the prosecutors having obtained a possible criminal offence against public health, the top sports authority CSD considers the forceful descent of the club.
Players and other team members sit in quarantine in a hotel.
"Until the sixth day of the quarantine, they have not received any fresh towel and gel," wrote sports newspaper "AS".
Photos starting out in the hotel have seen players hanging underwear and club clothes over to dry at the hotel. Unfortunately they need to wash them as well.
Bed linen hadn't been changed for the next five days.
Food is another problem.
Neither is it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS”.
The club’s management pointed out that people were satisfied with the hotel.
The accusation of intentionally threatening public health was rejected by the club's lawyer, Javier Tébas Llanas.
The Corona rules established by the football association were not found in violation, as stated by the President of the Spanish Primera Division Javier Tebas, as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper Mar
There were four infected persons before departure before July 19 but those were isolated and not travelling.
All players and team members became again tested right before the flight on Monday to A Coruña.
When a team was in Coruña, "five or six " members of the corona test were just a positive one.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes prior to the starting-off, said Tebas Llanas.
Police has to capture scrambled horses
Two animals have been walking on the streets.
The police led them back to their owner.
On Sunday morning just before 6am, a train operator reported two horses to the terrain between the starting point Donnersdorf/Steinsfeld and the theres motorway line.
When the official arrived, the horses were again located between the river and the hamlet of Dampfach.
As soon as the mercantile staff found their faith in order to gain the confidence in the horses, the heavstock become detached to a rope with a rolling cam.
Cyclist Tony Martin: likely to pursue career
Time specialist Tony Martin is thinking about continuing his career.
Frankfurt/Main - The seven time biking World Champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his bike-sports career.
"I have a debate with the team about the requirements that this could involve, how and how we will continue", explained the 35-year-old person of the Fankfurt Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung.
Martin is currently employed at the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and, before the arrival of Corona, had contemplated terminating his career after this year.
In their negotiations with his team, we are also talking about the number of racing days, he said.
Or for other problems that would press him as a family father, Martin said.
In the past he stood up after Fall, and the first thought was: "Rapidly back again to the wheel.
Today, I am thinking as a father of a small daughter: What if?
The bicyclist admitted that there are aspects that he increasingly finds hard working with.
“But at the Corona time it did well for me just to know what I did in cycling and how much enjoyable it gives me”.
The driving specialist will simply return to the competition at the Tour de l'Ain (5th to 9th April).
Bavaria: at least four dead on Bavaria’s roads at the weekend
The weather draws bikers on the streets in many places.
For at least three people, the motorcycle tour ends deadly.
An 18 year old pedestrian died too.
Schönthal - In the event of accident on Bavaria’s streets several – mostly young people died during the weekend.
On Saturday by Schönthal (Cham municipal district) an 18-year old motorcyclist was captured by a car which came on the contradictory track hisway.
Why the car went to the counter-track was then ill-clear.
A 22-year-old castle collided in Oberbavaria on Saturday on its machine with a horse-carriage.
According to police, he was going downhill in Inggries.
He struck against that ditch in a lefthand curve.
His injuries were so severe that he died at the place of the accident.
Of the twelve visitors in the coach, a man was seriously injured and a man was badly injured, as the police indicated.
Another lethal accident killed an 18-year-old at the oberpfälzische Bad Kötzting.
He had waited to hit a street on Sunday night so he was overrolled by a 42-year-old car driver.
The police suspected that the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The car driver could no longer brake in time.
At Schönberg (local venue Freyung-Grafenau), another 57 years old biker was pitting forward against a car on Saturday despite full braking.
He died at the location of the accident.
The 57 year old driver suffered a shock and the other three people in a vehicle remained uninjured.
The safety of motorcycle riders was discussed on Saturday by Bavaria’s Minister for Transport Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organiser of bikers' protests against driving bans announced in August, Minister Kovacs pointed out significant investments, such as shelter protection on strategic stations and the mitigation of dangerous curves.
"We have made a great deal in recent years for motorcyclists' safety,” the letter said.
"The number of motorised cyclists killed reduced by approximately 28% from 2011."
Kovac testes Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - football trainers Niko Kovak will soon observe events with his new club AS Monaco in Frankfurt, among them: Nicholas Nord.
The eight-time French Master will be hosted on 1 August (18h00) at the Hessen with the former Croatian club.
For Bundesligaists they are the first and only hard test before the return in European League against FC Basel (July 6, 2001).
The meeting is organised without any spectators due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
"We are particularly excited about this game.
It’s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends,” explained Kovac.
"In sport, this is an interesting test," said the 48 year-olds.
Before he switched to FC Bayern München before his development, Kovac had trained the Hessen between 2016 and 2018 and led to the victory in the DFB Cup.
"A high-quality opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in view of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurters, I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again” said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian dared to amend the group and succeed the Croatian authority.
In March Frankfurt had lost the 8th final match against Basel at its own stadium with 0:3.
Nearly 50 new infections: Provincial area of Hof close to the Lockdown
The national county of Hof experience has raised evidence of corona new infections during the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is often published and is no longer in this statistic) to 47 on Sunday.
There is also one case in the city of Hof.
The Hof area is thus approaching the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 people in one week.
700 deaths by monsoon rains in Southeast Asia
Over 9 million people are affected by the severe floods in Southeast Asia, most especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
A total of 700 people were killed due to the strong monsoon surge.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent is trying to reach the isolated people in boats.
Entire villages are under water.
The farmers have lost their harvests.
Pancards in National Park die as a result of landslides
In the Kaziranga National Park more than 120 rhinars died of landslides.
They are protected and considered at risk of extinction.
This year, the flooding is particularly bad, to which scientists is due to climate change.
According to the United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming.
New apartments are empty
In Cox's Bazar in the southern part of Bangladesh, the State has built apartments for 650 persons displaced by the floods.
So far, only a few have been transferred.
It is difficult to get people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm is also attenuating in Grenez.
Those who once had a house make up, however small and often like a hut do not want to spend their lives in one large housing block.
Many of these apartments are empty, but, as the government hopes, they will soon be obtained from those whom have lost their homes through the floods.
60 new Corona infections in just one day in Vienna
The 24-hour results showed that there were 60 new corona infections in Vienna – in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections.
The Vienna State Assurance Directorate and Medical Crisis Service regularly inform public health cases and new databases concerning the Covid-19 virus: on Sunday, July 26, 2020, 8.00 am in Vienna*, 49840 (+60) have received positive tests.
The number of deaths linked to the virus remains unchanged 204.
4.090 (+48) persons are identified.
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased from 22 to 3,288 on Sunday.
A sufferer has, according to the Sanitary Staff, recovered.
This increases the number of genes to 1,936.
In the states, 247 patients were currently sick of Covid-19.
To date 147,253 tests have been carried out.
105 people died in connection with the lung disease.
Argentina refuses creditors’ counter-offers
The new requirements could not be met, the Business Ministry in Buenos Aires announced on Saturday.
"This would not only be irresponsible but it would also be unjust", said in one opinion.
"While 50% of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase our creditors' short-term profits."
The debts of the second-largest economy in South America are no longer sustainable under current conditions.
For this reason Argentina demands of its private creditors to abandon part of their debts of around USD 66 billion (around €59 billion).
If no agreement is reached, the country will again face bankruptcy.
This would be the ninth default in Argentina’s history.
Finally, the creditors had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and amendments to some contractual clauses.
However, the Argentinian Government maintains its last offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The recent inflation rate was more than 50 percent.
Experts expect an economic downturn of about ten percent in the current year.
At the end of May, Argentina did not settle interest claims worth US$503 million and thus slip into a limited default.
Personal progress - privately not yet
"It's running supergood" - this conclusion goes to Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in Eggenfeld's Notariat.
In the end, all goes fast: in mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will be taking up the successor of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelden notary office.
Six weeks later, in early July, the doctorate qualified lawyer started work, and the normal day-to-day business has long been kept in full.
"However, I do still have to arrive privately" , she said during conversation with the Rottaler Advertiser and laughed.
The short preliminary period of course has not come to fully shift Reinsburg into Eggenfeld, its young mentor Dingolfinger reports.
She is now looking for a suitable housing or house in the city with her husband who works in Regensburg as judge at the Country Court.
At least, her husband has long been able to seek parental leave to ensure the care of these two daughters (31⁄2 and 11⁄2 years old).
In order not to encounter this happening in Regensburg every day, she also asked her parents for a stay in Didingolfing, says the 39-year-old.
Growed up in the neighbouring circumference, the city of Eggenfelden has certainly long since been a concept.
During visiting the site with her family in recent months, she once again found "Eggenfelder is a nice small town".
So she was particularly gratified that she had given the scene a competition for an open position.
In his career in Germany, her home country of Lower Bavaria plays a central role too: after working in Passau's first legal studies, she performed her field of referendum and the second state election in Regensburg.
After several positions as short-time assistant German insurance companies in Oberfranken, Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu region, As well as in Regensburg - during that period she also initially drifted to work law on second-hand Marriage occuping a number of locations in Germany
In 2016 she went onto parental leave. Eventually, she moved to Regensburg.
Since then, she has taken on representative services in a number of notary offices.
When when a job in Eggenfelden was tended for a close retirement for Lutz Feller, she had seen the appropriate time to full professional relaunch, the 39-year-old studied
Our predecessor, who leads the position on a future holiday meeting at their notary offices, has been fully adopted by Dr Stefanie Kramer, and has to praise the team of the office: "it is going super good!"
The belief that she can rely on rigged processes makes it easier for her to take care of the eventual transfer of private food place.
With respect to Kindergarten activities, she has already made contact with a local facility.
She hopes to be able to explore her hobby in the near future - and to meet the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal.
BVB plans to start the new story with a maximum of 15,000 spectators.
Dortmund Germany's largest football stadium in Dortmund will not are even 20 percent filled as of the season start if a fan returns.
Given the obligatory regulation of performance, we plan to make the transition between 12,000 and 15000 spectators at this stage", said Borussia Dortmund’s Government Director, Carsten Cramer,
Usually the National League Arena attracts more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga games.
The ghost games of the second season caused by the Corona pandemic led the BVB to lose about four million euros per game.
The Cramer responsible at the BVB for Marketing, Digitisation and Internationalisation asks that alongside normal viewing sites some 4000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again: “It's a blow involving the collapse of sales and revenue.
In the wake of the continuing Corona crisis, all were "goodly advised to take a stable face."
"If many businesses do not work well and 6.8 million people are in short-term employment in Germany alone, then the needs for entertainment are limited," said Cramer.
Dortmund Marketing’s leader praised the interests of BVB professionals for their salary reduction which is supposed to help end the crisis: "Of course, they know that their waiver has a different effect than if we set 100 people working in merchandising to marginalized work".
Small miracles: an early start in life with a couple of hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter, just three tablespoons blood in his entire one, which was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The bub is one of about 400 early-days caring annually at the Graz Children Clinic.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - such as Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweights with less than one kilogram of birthweight.
They are born so small and at such an early age that no lung, intestine, or muscles are fully trained.
Her skin is sometimes soft to the effect that they could damage the electrodes in an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll-clothes and mini winches which have been made specially for them.
But not so small that they were not voicing - "and how", Bernt Urlesberger complains.
"Although of course they do not cry as loud as big babies".
When the Whiteboard becomes the stage
Apart from Corona Theater in classroom, the Whiteboard as a stage was also covered by the 9th class classes of the St. Jacobus School in Abtsgmünd night before reaching an early holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the Theatre of Aalen presented to the pupils the production “The Home Dressed” via video.
Afterwards, the students had a chance to chat with the actor and director Winfried Tobias about their place and performance via Skype.
The idea for recording was born out of the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the enrichment of the teaching.
Although all a stakeholders agreed in the end that the direct encounter in theatre and stage rooms would provide additional incentives, the theatre also reveals the potential for contact in school.
"If we continue improving the technical framework, this could also be an interesting complement to game operations", emphasised director Winfried Tobias.
Robust of First Round: TSV 1860 would meet Frankfurt in the DFB Pokal
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions will come to Einracht Frankfurt in the first round.
This resulted in the draw on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible rivals in the first round of the DFB Cup are set.
The lions would meet at Eintracht Frankfurt if they had a successful qualification.
It was the result of the competition on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show.
Because of the Corona pandemic, the number of participants is not fully completed, spaceholders were used at the draw.
The FSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Coal Festival (4, or 5th September), with the voluntary intention of defeating the FC Memmingen semi-final opponent.
The Lions will met with either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
In case Zweitliga hiker Würzburg had the final, Switzerland would already be qualified for the first round in DFB.
Otherwise the Giesingers would have to prevail against the Aschaffenburg regional electoral lounge in the final game.
The first Third League round of the competition will be held between 11 and 14 of September, one week before the DFB start.
"Walking from winds": Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died in Paris on Sunday, at 104 years of natural health, confirmed her spokesperson for the Deutsche Press Agency.
"De Havilland" (previously known) is mentioned for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the South State episode of "Gone from the Wind" (1939).
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a little child.
The Austrian theatreman Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia by Shakespeare's "Summer night dream".
The film studio, Warner Brothers, held her contract for seven years, and made her beautiful alongside Eroll Flynn.
Eight films she has shot with a heartbreaker.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the main role of "To Each His Own.
In Germany the film was run under the name of 'Mutherheart'.
Three years later, she received the awards as best actress in William Wylers "The Heiress".
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in "The Dark Mirror" and "The Snakes Revolution".
Daphne du Maurier proposed her executive role in the filming "My Cousine Rachel" for the first time in 1952.
It was a worldwide success.
With her longtime friend Bette Davis she partied in "Wiegenlied für eine Anike".
From his marriage with a writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 until 1953) the son Benjamin was born.
Gisèle married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante in Paris and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also ceased.
Rumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beachvolleyball: Thole/Wickler miss final at Comeback
Julius Tholea and Clemens Wickers missed the finals at the “Road to Timmendorf” beach volleyball tournament.
As their groups meet in Düsseldorf at the semi-final, they did round off their National Team counterparts Nils Ehlers and Lars flights at 1:2 (19:21:11, 21:17, 19:21).
In September last year Thole/Wicklers played the World Tour Final in Rome.
In the final games at the Rhine, their Bezwinger Ehlers crossed over a fall against the surprise team Lukas Pretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde with 0:2 (17:20, 17:21).
Besides this show tournament, three opening places for the German championships were held at Timmendorfer Strand in early September: the tickets collated with Armin Dollinger/Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms/Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner/Milan Sievers
Kalbitz AfD shredding confirmed. German PRC refers to fies for bears.
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is, in the FDP's view, only a 'fact sheet' and does not affect the party's nature.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the far-right in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is just part of the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD”, said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strisser of the news agency dpa in Berlin.
On Saturday in Stuttgart, after several more hours of negotiation, the federal court of the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz, which the Austrian Federal Executive Board rejected by a majority in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in Brandenburg Landtag.
"If the AfD truly asked to remove right-wing extremists consistently from its party, officials such as Björn Hecke and his followers would long have been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD for this because right-wing extremism is now part of the Party."
Similarly, the Secretary General of CSU Markus Blume said: "The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now isolated has nothing to say and nothing changes," he said the "World on Sunday".
"It best speaks volumes, as many frenetic supporters still have right-wing extremists in the middle of AfD".
Plumes underesees that in the future the AfD will once again run below 5 per cent in elections.
"The days of AfD in parliaments are numbered".
Kalbitz took on part in so-called for- elimination newly released wing around Thüringen AFD country and political party chairmen Björn Höcke, and characterizes the protection of the constitution as an "actually extremist approach
In May, the Federal Board of AfD Indeed removed Kalbitz from the party.
He stated that Kalbitz has not stated earlier membership in the now proven false right-wing German youth (HDJ) and in Republicans when he entered the party.
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ.
The Chairman of the left group in Brandenburger Landtag, Sebastian Walter, also emphasised that the decision of the German Federal Court of Differentials does nothing to change the character of AfD: "
The AfD remains a far-right party, whether with or without Kalbitz.
Neither the Federal Party nor the right wing will be weakened by this decision.
"The maneuver in the Meuthen Army is transparent.
We want to escape further observation by constitutional protection and try to get under the radar" said Walter.
"The AfD will not put the ghosts which it called, rid of.
An expulsion does not change anything in this respect.” declared the decision in the Kalbitz case by the Brandenburger SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn.
"The AfD’s association and faction remained a right leader here to this day".
The legal dispute about Kalbitz’s membership of the AfD will continue.
The minister announced by a Saturday that he intended to pursue civil law against the German tribunal’s decision.
North Sea wind farms provide over 21 percent more electricity
The wind power plants on the German North Sea have fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the network in the first six months of 2001.
This is over 21 percent higher than in the same period last year, which was stated by the mobile operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of North Sea electricity to mainland and for forwarding it through the German electricity grid.
Wind system in the Baltic Sea, which is not part of Tennet's network, has fed another 2.22 Terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity.
In total, the wind power coming from North and Baltic States is 13.72 TWh, compared to about 11.64 TWh during the first half of 2019.
The at sea wind onshore represents almost 19% of total wind flow in Germany; that is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
In addition to wind conditions, the increased contribution in offshore wind energy to the project has resulted from higher production capacity because new wind farms of the last 12 months have entered the grid.
If the 1270 wind-power plants in the North Sea were all running with complete power simultaneously, they could produce a calculation of 6.7 gigawatts of power.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet it is 7.1 gigawatt.
By 2030, this should increase to 17 gigawatt in the German North Sea.
"Until then, inside Germany and in the Netherlands we are investing EUR 20 billion in the expansion of offshore networks," said Tennet’s director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality the wind farms cannot adequately exploit their capacity at sea, but reach approximately 40%.
The record day this year is January 2, when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatt power.
On average the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatt power, that represents three to four nuclear power plants.
With this, nearly seven million households would be supplied with electricity.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of Gmünder Kunstassociation.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration of the 130th.
Birthday of the Funder Kunstverein: the opening of the exhibition "Skirmish" with the works of the Leipzig artist Christian Bold exploded the usual framework after the Corona break.
Far more art lovers than usual pursued the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein company, Professor Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent supplied the band "Defenders of the Universe", located in southern Kornhausplatz.
North of the gallery was the Association 'Sandtogether'.
Freital: Windberg Festival for Corona cancelled.
The Windberg Festival will not take place this year.
The town of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September.
In other years, over 30,000 people had participated in the city festival.
“We really have not made that decision easy and we’ve been hoping - conscious of how difficult economically it faces the parties - to the last minute,” said Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partiseless).
"But ultimately we, the organizer, are responsible for the health of many thousands of people".
When tens of thousands of people were flooded out onto the festival grounds and to fill their tent, the minimum distance, hygiene rules and examination could not have been respected under the current Coronash Protection regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much of a popular festival remained.
Furthermore, the organizational and monitoring cost would increase disproportionately.
Rumberg turned quipped on next year.
Then, the City of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary including Winterbergfest from 17 - 9 May 2021 as well as the Day of Saxony from 10th to 12 September 2021.
Dressur Olympic winner Werth will not beat Achleiten
Achleiten - The six-time Olympic winner Isabell Werth was the prominent rider at the dressure tournament in Austria’s Achleiten.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came to four victories at the winter weekend at four starts.
After having ever won a Grand Prix in the start with Weighegold and Quantaz, she started on Sunday at Grand Prix Special and in the Kür.
On Sunday, at the 15-year-old Stute Weihegold, Weith set a strong advance against the Austrian Victoria Max-heur at Abegglen.
Thus, on Saturday at Quantaz, Germans reigned quite fully opposite their 34-year-old pupil Victoria Max-Theurer.
Werth's winner horse Quantaz belongs to Max theurer.
The most successful dress rider on the planet is to establish the 10-year LPE with the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz, it was the first shot ever.
After one tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth won all four important pre-tests.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled there on August 14th to 16th.
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser University is continuing to move forward to the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" founded a professor for "Air Traffic Management".
"A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has been signed in Worms.
Initially, the agreement was concluded for three years and begins in 2021.
Professors offer a possibility to begin studies not only during Summer but also at Winter Semester.
This will allow twice the number of students to be trained as previously.
In addition, capacity at both the the University and the DFS aviation control academy is being used evenly.
The DFS will provide advice to the university during the creation and the establishment of the professorship.
Representing the University since 2019
Since the summer semester in 2019, the first students in training to manage the level of air traffic at the University of Worms are in the course of Skills air traffic management.
Nine students have already started this year.
So far, the experiences of the DFS are very positive and the performance of students is very excellent.
The combination of study and pilot training markedly increases the attractiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times it is not easy for us to undertake ongoing economic support.
However, we are expecting air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term.
In order to be able to fulfil our statutory mandate in future, we need highly qualified staff" says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of DFS during the signing of the contract.
"For the DFS, the foundation professor will be a sustainable investment that will offer farm controllers a broad, complete, high-specialized knowledge base in the long term.
We therefore continue good co-operation with the University whilst simultaneously underpinning our attractive role as an employer".
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the University of Worms, "The Foundation professorship is an important bridge between science and economics.
Together with it, we want to be involved in the already existing joint assistance with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual Bachelor State programme Air Traffic Management.
Trust for German Air Safety regimes makes the University of Worms Motivation and commitment to further develop its study and research competences in the field of air transport for the future.
Being agent of tomorrow's flight controllers, the college, with its first foundation professor, can place some very special highlights and innovative focuses for their students for a dual course of study.
Dr Denis Alt, Public Minister in the Department of Science, Training and Culture, underlines: "A University of Worms has a unique point of view in the field of air transport in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Today's signature of the cooperation agreement will strengthen the profile of the university".
Rescue helicopter landed on the A 45
For around 30 minutes Motorway A 45 was fully closed on Saturday afternoon, in the direction of Aschaffenburg, if the rescue helicopter was operating after a road accident.
The 76-year old was driving out on a Ford from 12:40 in the Alzenau-Mitte exit to the cramp and ended on the line.
The impact induced the front airbags, the driver suffered slight personal injuries and had to be transported to hospital for care.
The injury suffered by the 72-year-old boarding-passenger was provided by the emergency doctor; the patient was flown to hospital followingly with the assistance.
At present, the police claim that there is no danger to life.
The damaged vehicle, which suffered damages of some 2000 euro, had to be tracked.
Herablio wants to examine industries related to meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions to light once again in parts of the meat industry.
Tighter regulations are all about to take place.
But are they right and will this remain the case?
Under the strict regulations now planned for alleged maladministrations in the meat industry, German Minister of Labour, Hubertus Heil (SPD), also intends to investigate other sectors.
“We will look at industry and then take the appropriate measures for each and every industry as necessary,” said Heil of the German press agency in Berlin.
German employers are already warning against restricting work contracts generally.
After the massive corona outbreaks with the Tönnies meat giant in North Rhine-Westphalia, the national cabinet intends to lay down a law on heal on this Wednesday.
Large slaughter shops will no longer be allowed to use foreign personnel for slaughter, dismantling and meat processing.
In all respects, the application of contract workers and temporary workers is prohibited.
Employment President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: 'Finger away from general restrictions on work contracts and employee levy unless you want to totally stoichead the economy'.
Working contracts, for example, will be the market base for the supply of value in a wide range of craft undertakings, the construction industry and the plant-building industry.
"Individual mistakes cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Heil said that 'My goal is not to ban employment contracts everywhere in the German economy'.
Work contracts make sense.
"If an industrial business orderred a craftsman to install a safety system then that is quite normal work contract".
The German meat management takes the view that a ban on contracts and temporary work in the sector alone would be unconstitutional.
It should not be explained why more labour law might apply in porting and packaging cheese than in sausages, says an opinion on the legislative project, signed by the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung (Saturday).
Therefore, if a ban were committed, the consumer price would rise by 10 to 20% per kilo.
In many cases Eastern European employees from contractual plants worked in the sector over 16 hours a day, following a result of a study carried out by the NRW employment safety department.
Often they had no pause.
Wages have been reserved for protection equipment or rent.
It has also been stated that the situation of housing employees was often miserable.
Heil said that a relatively stricter piece of legislation had already come into force for the meat industry in 2017.
However, such is concealed by "tricky designs".
"Now we must radically clean up".
The politician said: "The Labour Protection Act which we want to vote in the cabinet at the end of July includes besides measures which affect not just the meat sector, for example increased inspective quotas for employment protection or clear criteria for collective accommodation".
The draft submitted in dpa contains amendments to the laws protecting workers' rights in the meat sector and the legislation on employment protection.
Brandenburgs Minister for Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher (Greens) considers that more stringent controls are necessary.
"I would like us to be able to increase controls in many sectors of supervision: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, such as animal transport ", said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme "Brandenburg
But more staff is also required for inspections.
Three deaths in crash of ultra light aircraft in Germany
In the case of a ultra-light plane crashing to a multi-family house in Wesel in German province of North Rhine-Westphalia, three people died, according to police.
A child was slightly injured.
Two more people were being saved during the accident, a spokesman from the Wesel district office said.
A parachute was found at the accident point, the police said.
The Rhine Post reported, referring to eye-witnesses, that before the crash the aircraft had caught up with a hot air balloon.
This house may be a single or double-family home.
More details were not known soon.
Leave Frankfurt Operplatz peacefully
A week following the rising in Frankfurt, the clearing of the Operenplatz in the evening on Sunday was also quite peaceful.
A few dozen people have been remained in square but left there before the closing stage at 1 o'clock.
The police had been on duty early evening with hundreds of officials, there has been a greater police activity throughout the city area.
For the first time, there was a ban imposed on entering the Opernsplatz this weekend from midnight, was followed a week ago.
Policemen were attacked by bottles from the crowds of celebrators.
At least five officials were injured following police entry, several police vehicles were damaged.
The night to Saturday was also quiet.
Car breaks: Young woman seriously injured with result of accidents on Federal road 83 with Hofgeismar
A 21 year-old young lady suffered serious injury at 13.25 on Sundays in the event of an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme.
She was brought to the Hospital Kassel.
The fire force looked for possible drivers using Heat Image Cameras.
According to police officers on the state road 83, the woman was traveling out in the direction of their place of residence in Humm, when her car departed from the well-cleared core.
To save the the accident, the firemen had to cut a car's roof off.
Because it was unclear whether someone was still in vehicle, the comparatively border corn field was checked out on the wired radio with a photo camera.
In fact, the Drone stable from Warburg, working with heavy duty cameras, had also been ordered for the search.
However, the affected forces did not find anyone between homemade plants.
The most serious injuries have been brought to further services with the emergency car from the Kassel Klinikum.
Almost 50 units from the fire brigade Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The federal highway was blocked for two hours because of the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a break-through day of Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin was secured the Italian Championship for the ninth seasonal series.
The football team around five times perfectly matched the 36th scudetto of the club's story at a 2-:0 (1:0) on Sunday evening at the home game against Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo met to 1:0 before the half.
With 83 points, Turin, which was without the most recently violated ex-national player Sami Khedira, is no longer dispelled from place one 2-day before the start of the A Finally Series season.
The «Inter Milano» side of the table is seven points back.
Juventus was, despite being the prime optical superiority, harmless during the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free-flight variant.
Miralem Pjanic scores 35-year olds from the zone limits directly with a flat-shot (45.+7).
Ronaldo decided to take part in 2:0 against the more offensive guests. After his shot Federico Bernardeschi became involved (67.).
This has guaranteed aunchless but decisive success.
The foule-meter shot at the 89th minute shall only have pointed the way being to Ronaldo himself in terms of the goal hunter rating.
"It is difficult to stay mentally and physically on a ball height for 90 minutes.
The games are strange, and the moment changes very easy," trainer Maurizio Sarri said after 1:2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
In particular, the mental exhaustion of players is great, said the Juve Coach.
Because of defeats the Turiner had not yet been able to make the championship perfect.
In the end Juve had a short lead towards the top table, part of which was due to the firm pressure.
For in the eleven games prior to the game on Sunday the Sarri team was only five victories.
Whether Ronaldo would still be a British Basket King is questionable.
As the Portuguese superstar has reached 31 goals this time, after his triple pack, he can host 34 hits with the Hellas Verona, so many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern's tister profit.
The record in Italy is awarded by the present Juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentine provided 36 goals to the SSC Naples in the 2015-16 season.
In August the "old lady" of the Italian football is waiting for the next title chance.
In the championship league competitions, Juventus must represent a 0:1 match against Olympique Lyons on 7 August, in order to win the final opportunity in Lisbon.
In the next round, Real Madrid or Manchester City would wait as an opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: More than 250 illegal competitions covered
Stuttgart - Despite threats of penalties and court judgments, automobile drivers continue to continue to give gas in countless, illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads: last year and the first four months of this year police has registered more than 250 illicit carning races in South West Germany.
There are no comparisons for the years previously, but the knots take the legal authorities further up to work. 155 in-service investigations for illegal samples were conducted in 2018 at the Konstanz-Mannheimer government offices, one year afterwards 252 were
The race was not organised, as shown in the response from Ministry for the Interior to a request from LandagsSPD.
In most cases, drivers were spontaneous or tried to escape from the police - this is also showed to be an illegal race.
It was dominated by German men aged between 18 and 60 years.
113 fines - 15 detentions
Only in a comparatively few cases have the rasers been caught and asked to pay in. Some113 fines have been imposed since 2018, according to the Office of the Interior and 15 sentences have been issued.
But there is no indication that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing.
But other drivers respond more sensitively than they did before, because of numerous tragic accidents and procedures in recent years, according to a Ministry spokesman.
Drivers consistently stop driving on streets, and use the freedom to have a race taking place.
Last August, a dozen drivers were captured under the clock close to Kirchheim; 9 months before that, there were 18 drivers at the O8 at Merklinge.
A81 is the most popular “raceway”
The police even register more races on the A81 than on any other federal highway.
The high speed limit means this target is used to block ridders outside the particularly affected stretch between grave and hostage.
Most and the most highly priced and used sports and luxury cars have Swiss signs because drivers get off to Germany because of the very high punishments for too rady driving and car races early in the nearby country.
For SPD, the pace limit must not be reduced to a few routes: 'by means of a widespread speed limit of 130 kilometres we would cut off this issue on motorways» said Martin Rivoir, the traffic experts in the Group of the Party
"The barrier for raiser would have been much higher if you would not be able to ride here and there legally at 200 miles or more".
Rivoir is less substantial in information or image campaigns as “If you end up ruling with everything like that, insulting people not only their own lives but also the lives of other road users, will have little cause for reason.”
ADAC demands stronger police intervention
This is not, however, enough for the ADAC: "We thought that Raser could not be deterred by objectives for temperature", says Holger Bach, head of Department of Transport and Environment at the ADAC Württemberg.
He asks for additional and even tougher controls on the respective routes.
Not infrequently the racing figure ours is more painful and following serious: since January 2019 and April 2020, three people died at local level, two of them victims at one night crash in Stuttgart’s city centre and one in Gerlingen.
Two young men were forced to give themselves a racing race in November.
One of the vehicles afterwards left the streets, covered a garden wall and remained on the side and the 18-year-old passenger died.
21 other people were injured in the races in the last two years.
The Minister for Home Affairs, though, says there is no need for stricter penalties; 'We have no view of legal action needed to imposition more stringentent penalties on car racing ́; it says in the Department of the Interior.
Blue light of July 23: Thirsty single cruiser steals drinks from snack.
Rohrdorf: A man broke into a pump in Rohrdorf (circle calw) on Thursday and stolen drinks and cash.
One witness heard noise emerging from nearby valley streets at 3.40 p.m. and ran down towards the snack.
Surviving on the fridge from Press office, he noticed a man who took a drink at the refrigerator and left the machine after a loosen entrance door.
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind the snack.
According to the police, the attackers also served by a cash facility and steeled cash in the low three-digit area.
The suspect is described as follows: He will be about 1.75 metres in height and on a strong stature.
During the case he wore a black cover pullover, black trousers and bright shoes.
The police collects further witnesses.
Ackermann jumps to victory at the final stage on Sibiu Tour
Cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second second round ever on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu tour.
The 26 year-old p verkaufter from Team Bora Hansgrohe obtained its start and end in the mass sprint on the 109 km long section in Hermannstadt, having won one stage already on Saturday.
These were the seasonal victories of three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian partner Gregor Mühlberger took hold the overall team.
This year, the 26 year old decided the mountain-time on the morning and thus took the top in the classement.
Only 104 drivers came to the final stage in the evening.
Not less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit during a mountain driving.
"I’m really happy to restart the season with a victory", Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
“The sprint was really hectic,” said the 26-year-old.
300 m in front of the finish he simply  pulled his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly.
According to the rules of the world-wide association UCI, participants and their supporters received a Corona test six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, they separated drivers and carers in isolated hygiene bubbles from the organizational team and from the media.
Viewers at the start and finish were prohibited.
Heading Office launched instructions for citizenship reanimation
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident in Düsseldorf-Garath on Sunday afternoon.
In a multi-family Germany, a child (4) found lifeless in the water when bathing!
According to fire brigade, the emergency call was received just before 13 a.m.
"An operator gave an immediately instruction to walk and crew members," said a fireforce spokesperson on BILD.
The emerging rescue forces took over response few days later.
The child living in danger of life was transported to the hospital under rehabilitation.
Why it happened is unclear.
The police routinely started investigating the outcome of the accident.
The fire brigade defender: "We are assuming that this will be a tragic accident in the apartment.
Nuremberg: Unauthorised "Tuning meeting" - Police intervenes, 700 vehicles and some 100 people
Hundreds of cars and occasionally more than 1000 people took part in a "Tuning Meeting" at the car park of a furniture house on Saturday night.
The police have carried out their announcement that such events should be subject to greater control.
A large tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg's Southern Town on Saturday evening (25 July 2020.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to police forces, the Nuremberg Transport Police reported a increase in the volume of vehicles in the underground of a large car park in Ingolstar Straße at 10.30 hrs.
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle checks.
Just recently, the police announced that they want to step up the approach against so-called autoposers.
Illegal Tuning Conference at Nuremberg: Only a small part of the "scene"
Officials counted at the top for 200 vehicles and approximately 1100 people according to the police.
However, only a small share of the participants of the "autoposer" and tuning scene was to be linked to this.
Apparently the majority of the relevant scene followed police appeals.
The motor vehicles and users on the site must assume that these were predominantly shocked people.
Moreover, most attendants comply with the applicable infection protection standards, notably observance of the minimum range and wearing a mouth nase level protection.
The control measures which were carried out in place had been finished at 1 a.m.
In total, officials noticed such codestruction changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had been withdrawn.
Four of these vehicles had to be seized.
None races
There have been no illegal motor races.
"The Central Franconomic Police Bureau will continue to keep a watchful eye on events and will continue to focus on more stringent control measures, even in relation to the emergence of spectators," he said.
The agency News5 talked with Jürgen Schrödinger of the towing company involved: "They have all the beautiful rims, which we cannot break", says Schrodinger.
Special bands are used for this.
Also because the cars were wider, the company had to pay utmost attention to not making damage.
"Young people are meant to get their cars back without any harm".
Job Agency figures: 900 suspects about fraudulent abuse of short-term work
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency (BA) observes that we are dealing with some 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-term pay.
"For more than 880,000 companies which have have exhibited short-time work, that is extremely little," said the executive runner Daniel Terzenbach of the "Frankfurter Allgemeinen Zeitung".
When a number of companies had suddenly sought short employment when the Corona crisis began, the BA had to react quickly.
Normally the review takes up to three weeks.
"We have not had such a large amount of time in this delicate phase.
We will therefore look at the final settlements more precisely.
A lot more will certainly be done.
We are not naive in this way and we have a long breathing'.
Indications about abuse often come from the employees or trade union concerned.
In addition, the BA analyst software uses to identify patterns of abuse.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparing for a possible wave of bankruptcies in the autumn.
"Will there be significantly more insolvencies than last year?
These assessments differ, but we are able to prepare for the case and we already have time to train those we have in the working agencies for dealing with insolvency claims".
The numbers are not yet very noticeable, Terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening, some 40 young people celebrated a party in the Neue Garten.
The gathering before 10:04 per week was cancelled by the regors of the Prussian Castle and Gardens Foundation (SPG), announced the Foundation at PNN request.
Young people then left the park.
On Saturday evening, some young people played in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared up by riders, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
Time and again illegal parties take place in parks
In the parks of the foundation, there are certain meetings where the distance and hygiene rules of the Civid-19 course are not met.
At the end of June there was a celebration involving approximately 300 people in the Babelsberg Park and a week later about 150 guests were celebrated in the New Garden.
With no corona code, the parks will be closed when darkness falls.
Parking locations on the meadow are forbidden, while there are only a few exceptions.
The Foundation has long been complaining that visitors would leave more and more waste and destroy protected biotopes.
Illegal park parties have since reached another dimension in Berlin.
In the Hasenheide in the Neukölln district, at night over Sunday, 5000 people celebrated an illegal party of techno.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass testing after the Corona outbreak at tourist destinations
With hundreds of tests the authorities have responded to a corona outbreak in the popular South-Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as announced by the local authorities in Linz.
Over 100 results were still being found during the evening.
According to it, many women who are infected are young trainees in tourist companies, but at least one holiday guest has already been tested positively.
Inhabitants, guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday evening.
Lock time was set at 30 p.m.
“There are cancelations or cancellations there”, said the chief of the Tourism Association of Wolfgangsee, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some individual guests also come off early.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist site of Upper Austria with over 400,000 overnight stays last year.
In a normal season, around a third of guests are Germans.
The first infections were seen on Friday.
The leader of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behavior of the interns who participated in several places and may have been infected there on weekends.
"We all liked to do this in our youth," he said in the radio broadcaster Ö1.
However, on Friday two bars were closed to prevent further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise awareness among young people concerning the dangers of Covid-19.
Since Saturday, hundreds of employees, holidaymakers and locals were tested.
In addition all the guests who had been on St. Wolfgang from 15th July were contacted.
The outbreak launches memories of the Ischgl sichgl Ski and Party Resort in Tirol which was a centre of the Corona pandemic spread throughout Europe during the initial phase.
In total, more than 1 500 people are currently infected by the virus in Austria.
Particular areas of attention to the new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualify for Champions League
London (dpa) - British football recordmaster Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year's absence.
The Red Devils secured the third table value in the last Premier League game, incidentally with a 2-:0 (0:0) success directed against Leicester City.
The Foxes must now just join the Europa League, because the FC Chelsea already got up into it and qualified as the fourth player.
Aston Villa was encouraged by the fight against the descent.
Manchester United took the lead by a "plunge" of Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City on the Playing time, Jesse Lingard (90.+8) reached the finish.
Chelsea, the champions field Finale opposition to FC Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45.+1) and Olivier Giroud (45.+4) parallel with 2:0 (2:0) against the Wolverhampton hikers.
"This means a lot to me", said Trainer Frank Lampard, who was also in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal for his first season as a through Chelsea coach.
Chelsea's victory of Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspur, who with a gentle 1:1 (1:0) in the Crystal Palace hired the Wolves and launched the sixth in between the Europe League.
Aston Villa took the final duel, including the FC Watford and the AGC Bournemouth , though with West Ham United it had to fall in love with class recovery for a long time.
The late demonstrated guidance of Jack Grealish (84.) was followed up with immediate action by Andrej Jarmoleko (85.
The 1:1 (0:0) was sufficient, however, because Watford lost with 2:3 (1:3) at Arsenal.
The club which featured three trainers in that season is scaled down after 5 leading Years.
Much like Bournemouth, which could’t save himself by 3:1 (2:1) at the FC Everton.
One point was missing in the end.
The FC Liverpool, which stands as the first English master since the end of June, secured an club record at Newcastle United with a 3-:1 (1:1) win.
99 counters are the highest points the reds have ever achieved in a soccer season.
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the two pair of pointscs in English soccer.
Manchester City will hold the highest standard in the 2017/18 season with 100 points.
After the Newcastle lead in at the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38.), Divock Origi (59.) and Sadio Mané (89.) sparked a match on Sunday for Liverpool.
“It was an exceptional season for this wonderful club,” Torschütze van Dijk said following the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It will be difficult”.
The Premier league bosses should also be satisfied in the end.
Due to the Coronavirus crisis, the football operation in England had been suspended from March 13 to June 17.
Meanwhile, even an early termination or arrangement of the remaining games on neutral ground was discussed.
However, the season was finally concluded without particular incidents - as with Germany but without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
Protests in Israel against Head of Government Netanyahu are increasingly intense.
Violent confrontations have occurred over night.
Israeli police has violence at the evening of Sunday in Jerusalem towards participants in a demonstration against right-wing Conservative leader Benjamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were arrested for taking part in unrest, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld informed.
The police, amongst others, used water launchers to dissolve the demonstration.
According to media reports on Saturday evening some 6 000 people had met near Netanyahu’s offices.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu’s handling of the Corona crisis.
The protesters beat drumstrings, frown at horns, and called for Netanyahu to resign.
Also, participants in a counter-demonstration which supported Netanyahu had been arrested reporting the news page "ynet."
People demonstrated at several other places in Israel, including in front of the private villa of leaders of the coastal town Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man has been arrested following naval statements near Tel Aviv for suspected of spraying pepper spray on protesters along the street.
Another man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was slightly injured at the neck.
There recently have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
The demonstrations accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Recently, Netanyahu was also criticised because of his handling of the Corona crisis.
Among his borders, he has been accused of premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave.
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country’s economy.
The unemployment rate recently stood at more than 20%.
The number of new infections with the Coronavirus in Israel has recently increased to ever record levels.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter turns to car - nine injured - Ruhrvereit - Bild.de.
Ahlen - An random accident caused nine light injuries on Saturday afternoon at the B58 of Ahlen.
A driver, with her two children (3 to 5), began traveling towards Beckum.
Police: ' Actually, she suddenly braked since she tried to take off'.
The driver of a Mercedes transportator who drove behind them should certainly have seen this too late.
He drove the rear back to the car.
During the accident three passengers in the car and six in the transport were slightly injured.
Several rescue cars brought them into a nearby hospital.
North Korea closes border city after Corona suspects case
North Korea perceived hitherto "a shining success" in its own measures to combat the Coronavirus.
Now the country is reporting a suspected case for the first time.
Due to a first official case of Corona suspected in the country, North Korea has completely sealed off a major city for fear of-disaster.
Despite the strongest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months ''the malicious virus could have been smuggled into the country,” the state media reported.
The emergency was imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist leadership placed the highest level of alarm.
Should the suspected incident confirm, it will be the first official incident of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country.
North Korea, according to its own statements, had registered no single infection and described its defence measures as being a "shiny success."
The information was doubted abroad.
The symptoms of illness were reported in the case of an "extrater" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between the South and North Korea on 19 July.
The person departed three years ago to South Korea, having now returned to the border.
South Korea does not yet have a technical confirmation for crossing the border within its four kilometres and largely mined military buffer zone.
However, Southern Korea’s military, according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap, considered this possibility of illegal border crossing into North Korea as high.
There have been investigations on some people.
According to its own data, North Korea organized a meeting of the Labor Party Police originally chaired by the leader Kim Jong Un on Saturday, on account of the suspicious case.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive disaster".
Kim previously ordered on Friday as a preventive measure "to block Kaesong in full and to isolate each district and the region from others", said.
The person affected, as well as all the people in Kaesong who had contact with her, had been put under quarantine.
Accordingly, the Party’s central military committee is meant to investigate the 'evasion' as well as the conduct of the military unit in charge and to impose tough punishment if necessary.
According to estimates around 300,000 people live in Kaesong.
Expectancy ahead of the Council meeting: City East and noise protection are at discussion before the summer break
"In addition to environmental issues, both sides will also vote on the construction plan for the Metropolitan Development province of the East," the committee plans stated in middle-centre position on the urban press release next to public Council session on Tuesday, 28 July at 16.30 pm
However, the upgrading of the eastern city is being controversially debated until the end of the day.
Majorities for this are narrow, and, recently in several committees, even rejectioning, depending on their attendance.
An appeal from the business community (building, real estate, trade and IT), the project that built gradually from citizenship and then from administration and local government, the project now failed after almost ten years of preparation, critiaze project now opponents Reinhard Klein as "extra-parliamentary
"All think this is better informed," said Erllitz, who spent a year with the Forum Board affirming he is the only representative of the citizens’ list in Pforzheim.
Indeed, after reading the treaties, he was in this position: 'I know what I am talking about'.
This payment has become cheaper for the town, under contrary to a statement from City Administration, and guidance on a subsidy of which state SMEs firmly believe that for €8.5 million the town has to be pacified.
The city will develop quite differently from the projected notably by the City Hall and those powered by the economy.
Specialized in designing the City by setting up its own power and not an investor, this was Plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP/FW/UB/LED Group, which also rejects the project, presented an alternative approach.
It also mainly means rehabilitation of the Technical Town Hall, opening the Schlossberg, renting the Ex-Thales for administrative spaces and improving the town centre in an ideal area with local owners.
Environmental topics play a key role
In addition to this, environmental issues will play a central role.
The municipal council will, among other things, vote on the noise action plan.
This includes several measures to protect the Pforzheim population from noise leakages as a result of road transport, many of which involve temporary reductions.
In a press release, the local mobile publications club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30, on base that city politicians are not blind to the fact that they have only contributed to a massive increase in car transport and thereby noise by neglecting scheduled bus links and by weak commitment to cycle
The municipality council shall also vote on the participation of the City of Energy and Climate Change Agency Pforzheim/Enzkreis.
Also on the agenda is the launch of accession to the climate agreement of Baden-Wurttemberg, the redefining of parental contributions to the municipal nursery systems and the application for inclusion in the Federal Smart-City support scheme.
Citizens are welcome but must also heed the Corona protection measures.
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with much a delay.
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann commences his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on 31 July.
Before the supersport car League can begin the periodical roles, the first test drives were followed.
For Zimmermann it was primarily a matter of getting more information about his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from tackling his first journey to the new Lamborghini Huracan of Grasser Racing.
This has now been possible under special hygiene conditions.
The 23-year-old Langenargen turned its first rounds on the Lausitz ring and could get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
"There are already a few things that are different than those of the previous season's Porsche," says Zimmermann.
"With ABS, for example, you need to go into the curves differently.
But it was really a great fun".
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange Sports Car in GT Masters.
The Dutch, despite having only 25 years of experience, was already in GT-Sport and has helpedhip his new team member in many ways.
"I am not a beginner in motor sports at all. But every new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
Steijn and I understand each other apparently and we also made huge progress on the Lausitzring from sessions to session.
In this areas - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also hold its first race.
The 33 supercars will ride through Lausitz.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 newcomers to series, knows the track.
In 2015, he was most recently a guest in the motodrom.
"It functioned quickly and I had to quite get used to the track"" says Zimmermann, who sets up for the Friedrichshafen Racing Association of Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast passages, which you need to take perfectly to be fast".
What happens in two weeks: at this time it will become apparent that Zimmermann really was quick.
"The teams play a little bit during tests," he says.
" Finally we are very satisfied and are looking forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a tightly strained calendar.
Seven races are planned at the beginning of November.
Currently, an audience will not be allowed - but there will be a prominent guest.
In the middle of August on the Nürburgring ex-Formula X pilot Niko Hülkenberg will reach the GT steering wheel.
UK Transport Secretary of Quarantine decision caught cold
The decision by the UK government to quarantine Spanish holidaymakers for two weeks after their return, according to press reports, severely caught the country's Transport Minister.
This is why Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain in particular while his colleagues at home decided on this measure on Saturday.
Due to the re-increasing number in Spain, the Corona Cabinet in London deleted this country from the list of countries through which it is possible to subsequently travel without quarantine requirements.
The current regulation will already apply on Sunday and Shapps will have to return to quaarantine after his return.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees.
But the regime applies only to those who are on holiday just from the deadline, on 24 September April, and was not introduced overnight.
In Austria, of course, Spain has to date been considered to be one of the "safe countries" for which no quarantine is needed in Austria.
"Numerous ministers should previously have known that there is the possibility of creating a quarantine for holidayeers in Spain", commented Labour MEP Diane Abboth.
"However, obviously nobody has bothered to tell Grant Shapps about it".
Just a month after the end of Corona's emergency in Spain and the expiry of the sovereign ban, the number of infections is rising again in the country.
Virologists specifically blame nightlife for the new spread.
Spain is one of the UK's most popular holiday destinations.
The United Kingdom Government is currently advising lack of accommodation to mainland Spain, except for British citizens and the Balearics, which are unanimously popular with British holidaymakers.
To date in Spain, more than 272,000 infections have been reported with the novel corona virus and more than 28,000 deaths.
Russia: Maritime Day: Putin announces hypersonic weapons for war ships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on his country's maritime day that he equipped Iraq's military vessels with state-of-the-art hypersonic weaponry.
These global weapons would merely expand Russian naval forces’ techniques, said Putin on Sundays in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade.
According to the Ministry of Defence, the Agency in Interfax also provided an account for the successful tests of the hyperscal missile Zircon, built for the Marine.
The hypersonic weapons display an increasing number of noise speeds of around 343 metres a second.
They are regarded as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo is being continued.
It was also mentioned that it was further built at the electrically-insulated submarine torpedo Poseidon.
The planned sea jet is designed to destroy coastal destinations.
The President, who even carried a military boat, said that this year alone, 40 new boats would be brought under service for the individual fleets from the largest countries of the world.
Russia has a large coastal area similar to no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the Marine has reliably protected Russia,” Putin said during Matrosen’s internationally celebrated day.
At many other Russian sea locations, the naval forces also exhibited parades on the day of the marine.
In Syria, where Russia was fighting alongside regime leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated power by showing arms at the Mediterranean port of Tartus.
Munitions were also fired there.
In a video published by the Defence Ministry, not only war ships, including a submarine, but also battle helicopters and jets were displayed.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Assistance in Corona is made harder
Washington - The first hurricane of this season on the Atlantic got on land in Texas.
Life-threatening floods, strong winds, and violent rains now threatened parts of the US state, again announced the National Hurricane Centre of the New America Climate Agency of NOAA on sunday.
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts.
The Texas-SSC pandemic was poorening the work of aid workers,said Abbott, according to the US media.
Evaluations called for caution
"Every hurricane is an enormous challenge," said Abbott according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle".
Taking into account the hurricane in Texas, he added that “this challenge is complicated and exacerbated, considering that it includes an area which is the country most affected by Covid-19 itself.”
According to Johns-Hopkins University, around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic.
Abbott called on people who have to leave their homes to be cautious.
They should not disregard practices which "we have accustomed ourselves", such as the wearing of masks, said the Governor according to the transmitter CBS.
It was important that everyone kept distance.
Therefore, hotel rooms have been provided in some places.
In addition, emergency accommodation measures are to be tested on Corona.
Damage had initially only been reported from the coastal city of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning Rescinded
"Hanna," according to the authorities, had reached the island of Padre Island on landing at wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour, directly front of the coastline of Texas.
The tropical storm has first been classified by Level 1 Hurricane.
For the coast section from Port Mansfield to Sargent, a storm warning was first provided and was subsequently taken back.
Authorities expected a weakening, while "Hanna" then moved further inland and to the north-east of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves towards Hawaii
In the Pacific, Hurricane "Douglas" worked towards Hawaii overnight on Sunday with wind speeds of approximately 150 km per hour.
However, the Hurricane Centre expected the hurricane to continue to weaken.
According to the forecast, it is expected to remain near Hawaii's largestnist Islands on Sunday, and then be like a storm below the limit of hurricane.
Over the Atlantic, The NOAA expected an above-average Hurricane season this year, following a May prediction.
From June to the end of November, there are up to ten hurricanes to be expected and up to six of those could be very powerful hurricanes, the Agency had said.
On average, there are six hurricanes across the Atlantic every year, three of which are turning into huge storms.
With available climates and risingwater temperatures in the Atlantic and the Caribbean, the probability of a normal season is only 30%, but, ever below average, is only under 10%.
US President Donald Trump put on Twitter that his government monitors the storms closely and is in touch with the affected states.
Four goals unknown: Video Assistant 'punished' Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic received two goals
Naples - Four goals taken, having four goals distracted: SASSULO Calcio experienced a itching evening at the 0:2 (0:1) at the SC Naples at the Italian football top league Serie A - and had been rightly
"A festival of unapproved goals for Sassuolo.
The VAR has never been so tough on a team", commented "Corriere dello Sport".
Host Naples had lead on by a goal for external defender Alseid Hezaj in the 8th minute, Philipp Djurico began to rid the balance fully to the 32nd minute.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) withdrew the hit due to a side position.
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again into the net - the VAR again generated.
Also the deadlines of Attacker Francesco Caputo (50.) and Domenico Berardi (61.) were reverted after visit of the VAR.
In retrospective time Allan made the 2:0 position perfect for Naples and the bitter night for Sassuolo.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like any other team before.
The new technology generates records," writes the "Gazzetta dello Sport".
FC Bayern Munich: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start of the hottest preparatory phase for the Champions League began with a setback for Double champion FC Bavaria.
After a brief holiday and a few training days, Hansi Flick recovered a very good training round, after his first team training, he had to consider how to re-manage his successful fighting after the injury of World Champ
The Frenchman who had the third most support deadlocks, controlled by Captain Manuel Neu, and Midfield chief Joshua Kimmich, suffered his license on his left foot pillar and threatened to miss decisive king-class duels
In Munich's Blackout weather, the right defender erased a training game and was driven away by a golf ticket.
How much time, unrestrained trial players have to try to pause in the battle over the title is open.
An effort in the ''Eighth Final' game against FC Chelsea on 08 of August may show difficulties and the 24 year-old may be looking forward to the final tournament which might begin on 12 August in Lisbon.
However, Bavarians do not want to be stopped by their misadvice at the training on Sunday.
In his personal triple formula, Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration should show a victory-hungry title collector in the ideally following 28 days until the Grand Class Final Vanish on August 23.
"We have simply mastered the duties to run the championship and major tournaments in an excellent manner.
Well, we need to create something special now", said Flick.
Until the Munich coach can concretely deal with the final tournament and before the Austria-Algarve training camp, the 18-hole final fun itself is due to arise against FC Chelsea.
After the 3-0 before the Corona Break, the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become Bavaria’s nightmare again, as they did in the Lost Final Dahoam in 2012.
"First of all we have to go through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and recharge confidence with a great game," Flick said.
A vote test will happen on Friday against Olympique Marseille.
In a long speech, Flick immemorialized his stars, who have had some 13 days’ holidays after the double, to a one-off August.
He welcomed 31 players on the Säbener Straße, including the new players around precious buying Leroy Sané, who first met all new colleagues on the place following his patterns from Manchester City.
"Leroy, like every new one, has fit neatly", reported Flick.
But, rather than talking about the new season if Sané & Co. were no longer supposed to start playing, Flick preferred to talk about the German series champion's current title project.
After days of individual and small-group training a team has now been trained to the Londoners who are in game rhythm unlike Flick’s support group.
Munich could run a quarter-time finale against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, with Real Madrid, Manchester City or Juventus Turin playing in the semi-finals.
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not that easy", added the head coach, who can rely on the services of his new Assistant, Miroslav Klose, in the training from Tuesday.
The World Cup Record Protection Klose and Flick understand the collaborative tournament stuff and facing 0-0100 confirmations is particularly important.
With his current team the work "is a pleasure" praised Flick.
"Focus on winnings" is an impressive movement of his team.
During a tournament with nine-teams on Sunday, this was sometimes very ambitious.
People are each involved, including the departing With biased Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose remaining beyond the Royal Class Season is not secured.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to verify its champion.
Since it is not possible to ride at the required number of continents, the FIA needs to improvise to award the World Cup title.
All American races have been cancelled.
Race calendars become more and more concrete
The race calendar for the present Formula 1 season continues to take shape.
Three more race tracks have already been added to the ten confirmed Grand Prix during the week.
In October there will be a ride on the Nürburg Ring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal.
In November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. are fighting for World Championship levels on the Italian traditional race headquarter at Imola.
Thus, the 2020 race calendar includes 13 tracks, according to current requirements.
"We are happy that we are continuing to see much progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey.
In this exceptional season, 15-18 races are to be held in the Royal Class of Motors Sports.
Formula 1 wants to conclude its season in Asia.
The final race calendar should be fixed and published during the coming weeks.
Before the official races already in place in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports say that performances could be held in Vietnam and Malaysia at end of November.
The Rules require races on three continents
The Formula 1 rule, however, requires at least race on three continents to get the World Championship awarded.
Even if the programme is planned to run in two continents, then there will be a world champion.
The FIA is designed to award the title, using a special rule, on the basis of "exceptional circumstances" in view of the coronavirus pandemic.
Australia’s traditional seasonal launch in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to the starting Corona crisis.
A return to the continent this year is not a topic.
Moreover, Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year.
Withdrawal starts criticising in Brazil
Due to the tension of the corona situation, the races in Canada, the USA, Mexico and Brazil will not take place.
"We are looking forward to be with them again next season”, Carey explains.
The rejection of the American aircraft attracted criticism particularly in Brazil: ‘there was no surprise to us, but we cannot accept the reasons for that’ said Tamas Rohonyi, the Promoter at the Grand Prix in São
The infections in the São Paulo area are markedly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
Also, the concerns of some teams not want to ride in Brazil would not justify revocation.
We should be prepared for the required safety measures.
Greta Thunberg: Misery against Donald Trump went out Around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her encounter with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was guested on the popular Latenight show in Stephen Colbert's version via video switch and talked into what she planned in her interview about when she met Donald Trump.
Climatic civicist Greta Thunberg was visiting one of the well-known US-Latenight shows in video.
She talked, amongst other things, of her fight against the world’s mighty powers.
The teenager was also talking about her famous "evil look" when she met Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the last two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg has emphasised her tireless commitment to the "Fridays for Future" movement.
Now she spoke in a well-known Latenight show about her plans for the future, as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year.
Latenight moderator Stephen Colbert welcomed the 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday in your show and had a lengthy interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the powers of the world.
“There are some things that surprised me”, she said.
“How far people go to steer the focus away from the climate crisis,” she shocked.
"Everything from organised hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children takes to the streets" she has ever seen.
Heads of State and politicians (Spocking or even trying to silence them in social media) find them "charming" as they store out reactions "when they have no other answer to it".
It was particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg came across a famous scene in which she looked outward and had a sinister look at US President Trump.
At the 2012 UN climate change summit in New York, for which activists sailed the Atlantic, their impressive views were captured from cameras, and was seen by numerous internet people.
The short clip comes from a GIF, an animated post, which finally became one of the most commonly used pictures for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US President at this moment?
She only replied shortly and dry to the relatively outstanding question posed by Stephen Colbert: "To be honest, I do not think that we needed any further explanation.
Colbert, an experienced satirist, was unlikely to withten her final response, only to shortly disappear, laughing at her initial position.
Through her "How dare you?" speech on climate change principles, she reminded many at the Climate Conference.
Ex-dortmund Demobiles with Triple Pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is in the race around Europe’s Golden Shoe, now equal to Bavaria’s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile goes on to have the best chance of becoming the Torschütz king in the Italian football championship.
The once professor of PRS incorporated three matches at the 5:1 (1:1-11) victory from Lazio Rom in Hellas Verona, including two transformed elevenths in both semi-finals.
Hence, the 30-year old from the table fourth two seasonal games is now playing 34 games on his account - so many Robert Lewandowski from the FC Bayern München did running in the expired Lebanowski season.
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo followed 30 goals, with Portuguese superstar meeting with the leader yet at Sampdoria Genua at night.
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life is like a rocket ride: Following a rapid climb from Fleetwood Mac it was sharply downhill and then slowly up again.
Now the bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Genial guitarist, drug junkie, cult entity: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully during sleep at the age of 73, and told colleagues on Saturday in an official information that another opinion would be announced for the coming days.
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The producer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had set up the already legendary band in London in 1967, yet his dreamed to instrumental hit "Albatross" to date remains unforgettable.
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was like a rollercoaster ride.
Green rose fast with Fleetwood Mac - but the band also celebrated its biggest successes without him.
One of the main challenges was that Green wanted to donate all the Group's profits to charitable ends.
He began performing in large garments and with large crucicfix.
Psychological issues are also meant to have played a role.
Green left the band in 1970 three years after its establishment.
A social decline followed.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, like biographers reported.
Green has been treated in the psychiatric place for a long time.
For a large part of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the arc of the scene.
He is said to have lived on the street some times, worked as a cemetery gardener and spent some time in an Israeli Kibbuz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family, in the London quarter of Bethnal Green.
Since then, he has been thrilled by both the British/American blues musicians like B. King, and Muddy Waters.
At eleven years of age, he learned the first guitar strikes.
At the age of 15, the teenager started to play professional guitar and gained five years later the chance to be taking part in stage guitar in the instrument band Peter B's Looners.
Not later, he was engaged as a substitute for his idol Eric Clapton in the bluesbreakers.
In the middle of the blues boom, Green founded in the summer of 1967 Fleetwood Mac with his bluesbreaker colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Green's song "Albatross" awarded according to the group the first number one hit in winter 1968/69 and classified the group to the top of the British music scene.
Yet soon, the rapid rise revealed its beew on the sidelines: Green didn’t cope with mediaism, and his experiments on the drug LSD became increasingly extreme.
Once upon an interview he commented on life between music and addiction: "The worst thing I happened in life is drugs - the best is to land a number 1 hit".
Back at the end of the decade, Green managed a surprising success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
In the meantime Fleetwood Mac swoomed on a wave of success without it in new formation.
The album "Rumours" appeared in 1977 sold more than 40 million times worldwide.
Despite the same small-scale solo experiences, Green did not reach a larger comeback until 1996 he re-launched a band of friends.
At the time, the British "Daily Telegraph" mentioned a rock star coming back and looking back to earth.
Free of drugs, Green published some albums with Peter Green Splinter Group until the band broke up in 2004.
He was already a blues legend for music experts throughout his lifetime - and with  his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the last few decades.
